We're doing better now. We just got food, so that was the key to our evening. AUDIENCE So hello everyone! How's everyone doing? They're just small enough-- We're going to build a better mic stand. There we go. That's not precarious at all. That'll last the entire panel without issue. Hi, welcome to our panel on the tabletop renaissance, tabletop gaming, and all points in between. Let's do some introductions real fast! Okay. (laughter) And Marisha! This is a good panel for context. Any other panel, this would be a very different mood right now. (laughs) AUDIENCE Yeah, there you go. That's the 18-plus at 1100. No vaping. I keep seeing those signs everywhere, and as a person who in no way, shape, or form has ever nor would vape, I-- Yeah. "Well I didn't-- I'm not-- Why?" It's silently aggressive. "My registration's good, and my tail lights work. Why am I still nervous?!" (laughs) So this panel is to discuss, talk-- It's generally going to be a Q&A here. Talk about all nerdy points of tabletop gaming, board gaming, role-playing games, and all those fun little adventures and experiences many of us have had in our lives or are currently discovering and/or will hopefully discover very soon. For those that aren't aware, Critical Role is a show that we do every Thursday--mostly every Thursday--on Geek & Sundry's Twitch stream, where us and a bunch of other voice actors play Dungeons & Dragons and roll dice and have no idea what we're doing. I'm just going to let you guys know right now, we turned down playing D&D with a sloth today to be here with you guys. That's how much we love you. It's great. I got the e-mail two weeks ago, "Hey, would you like to dungeon master for a sloth?" I'm like, "Yes! When is it?" "Friday, oh..." Ivan's got this. I place the blame squarely on Zootopia and Kristen Bell. MARISHA and It's a wonderful time to be alive. This is what Personal Singularity was referring to. "The "Sloth Singularity." Anyway, we got a little off-topic there. So we play D&D and I grew up playing all sorts of RPGs, everything from GURPS to Savage Worlds to Rifts and most of the Palladium stuff, as broken as it was. It was wonderful, as broken as it was. AUDIENCE Exactly! In a very fever-dream kind of way. 'Wormwood' is enough to say and you know what was going on there. I've always found tabletop roleplaying games, not only for me, were a great place to explore narrative and just be more comfortable as a person. I think a lot of my social skills as a developing young adult I developed through practice in roleplaying game environments. And as a performer and a dungeon master or game master, it was such a great playground for me to learn about what I could do and expand my repertoire and range. I owe a lot of my current life to tabletop games, if not most of it. I think one of the main times we ever hung out was when I was asked to run a game of D&D for you. Even you're part of that thanks I owe to tabletop gaming. Too cute! So that's my tabletop background, there. Marisha, you got started-- It's the devil! I ran it for you and your boyfriend at the time. So watch out for the dungeon masters out there. (laughter) It helps to be proficient in persuasion. No, that was like a year and a half later, you guys were already broken up before we started dating. But what's been really cool is-- I'm not one of the OG roleplaying game-- There's a generation of roleplaying game people, that were there from the beginning, the old Gygax days, the chainmail, pre-D&D days, where it began in strategic war miniature combat and built onto the roleplaying from there. I've learned so much from people who came from that genre and it's been really cool to watch, through our show, all these different generations of "the old guard". And you had the 80s revamp when GURPS got big and they had this resurgence in roleplaying games in the 90s during that Rob Liefeld era where Palladium got really popular. Even then it was still a very subgenre of entertainment and socially had this stigma that had partially stemmed from a lot of the early anti-D&D, "Demon magic!" stuff that happened and also this idea that only kids who had no social skills and didn't want to play with other people. That was the idea and it was never that. I never had that experience. Largely because of media and because-- To be fair-- and I don't want to get into this too deep because it's a whole different discussion-- but a lot of the American identity and masculinity stems from this very "Go sports!" and there's nothing wrong with that. You can do both. There was this idea that if you weren't the outdoor, varsity sports kid and you preferred to sit down and make up fantasy worlds, then that was considered the un-masculine thing and the not-desirable thing and of course media pushing this whole pocket protector geek feel in the 70s and 80s especially-- Sorry if you're a fan of the show. No. No I'm not. There is no remorse. It is not for me, that show. Power to you, not for me. There's this trend that led to this unfortunate stigma that the genre of gaming took on for a long time and we're finally pulling out of that and I think a lot of that-- Well, he's definitely helped in that regard. Vin Diesel was one of the breaking points, too, and I think it's a combination of, one, pop culture has become culture now. With all of these major geek properties that everyone all of a sudden is stopping and realizing, "Hey! We all like Spiderman in this room? Oh, okay. All right." We've had that wave of geek culture, which has been really cool, and now we have this new wave of storytellers. All the people that are becoming the producers and writers and actors that are inheriting the entertainment industry are all the kids that grew up in the 70s and 80s. Playing these games. Now you look at the people that are creating all the mainstream media entertainment and they're all of us. They're all the indoor kids that, instead of going out and beating up kids for their lunch money, they were inside figuring out orc encounters in the second level of the dungeon. Now they get to get paid for that. We're at this renaissance period where, one, it's becoming okay to talk about it and openly be proud of the fact that you're a tabletop roleplaying geek. And two, people who have always been interested now have an open forum where they can be like, "You know what, I've always wanted to see what this was about and try it. Can we do "that?" and there not be this negative backlash. And it's been really, really cool to watch so many people come into this genre of gaming. [alarm noise in the background] We're all safe now. (laughter) AUDIENCE Fit everyone within ten feet of you! The best Katamari Damacy level ever. By the way, guys, I want to point out this gentleman over here who-- for those who saw the episode of Critmas-- who gave me my Thordak. My colossal red dragon right there. (applause) That's amazing! (laughs) Look at this thing, guys! This is actually a segue from my conversation-- I'll come back to it. I also want to point out one of the wonderful things about this community that has blown me away is how many people have gotten into the game and created their own adventures, and share them with us on a weekly basis and other people who have taken inspiration from this silly little D&D show we do, and do incredible crafts like this, and do incredible artwork and write their own stories and make their own little minis, and paint them and send us pictures. The amount of creative inspiration that's come out of this community is amazing. That's a very valid example. It's Liam's obsession. He scours the internet and collects it. Test him on it. Tell him we said that. If he doesn't know it, he's disappointed you. (laughter) Show him your appreciation by asking, "What's my name?" (laughter) There you go. To finish my point from earlier, what's really cool about this emerging period of time is you have old guard and new guard coming together and discovering each other, and you're starting to find that there is no real difference in age and background. We had a few Critters come by the studio one time and it was their gaming group, and the gaming group was a 21 year old blond pop star, a 48 year old grey-haired blacksmith, we had a mid-30's accountant lady, and it was every single-- you couldn't have picked a stranger eclectic group of individuals from different walks of life that were sitting there and geeking out so hardcore about their last adventure they'd had together. I'm like, this. This is the magic of tabletop gaming. Because when you're all at that table, none of your background or where you came from matters. You are all there creating this experience together, and you will remember it as vividly as any other experience you've had in your life. Yeah. It's not that you can, it's that you should. It's healthy, it's therapeutic. You learn about yourself through play. You engage in relationships and build relationships a lot stronger than you would elsewhere. It's a wonderful medium, and just one of many mediums, tabletop gaming. One of many mediums that allow you to reconnect with that sense of play as an adult through all ages, and it's been really cool to watch that come to the forefront of society again. That makes me really happy. Well, it's a new form of storytelling. I have a very similar experience where, since we've started playing weekly, I have become more schizophrenic. (laughter) Storytelling as a medium is as old as we've had people. The idea of telling stories, and creating mythology, and the elders of the tribe telling the younger generation about the great heroes of old, whether they be historical or created. It's these heroic tales that inspire the next generation to want to be better people, to become these heroes, to try and make their mark on the world for the better. And this is a medium for all of us where we can create something, an aspect of ourselves, that we don't get to explore and experience often enough. And through these games create a character and a personality that, even in the smallest way, will help us be a better person. Unless you're playing a totally shitty group of evil characters, in which case it's just to blow off some steam and that's totally cool. Don't let that affect it too much. But yeah, it's a really cool therapeutic medium in that way as well. Sorry, just talking at you. We'll go ahead and start calling folks for questions here. We'll go ahead and start with this wonderful lady over here in the green dress. AUDIENCE That's all right. AUDIENCE We're all awful in the beginning for that reason, don't worry. AUDIENCE It's funny you say improv classes. It's not a route for everybody, but it is tremendously helpful in so many aspects of life, in my opinion. Taking improv classes, not just as an actor and a performer, but as a person, it teaches you, one, how to work really well in a group. It teaches you a group dynamic and energy where it's all collaborative. Yes! Very, very quick thinking. Thinking on your feet when you're handed stuff you weren't expecting. So it helps tremendously in many social aspects, but one of the largest rules of improv is "yes, and," which is, you do not deny another person's suggestion, you accept it, justify it, and then add your own aspect to it. That whole mentality is such a great way to look at most of your social aspects in life, you know? Where you can take someone else's idea, whether or not you agree with it, in a group setting, you can take what they have and add something to it to try and bring it closer to where you wanted it to be, and it's more a positive loop than a negative one. "No, we're not on a ski slope. We're in a store. What are you talking about?" AUDIENCE "Yeah, but the snow's getting kind of slick, it's almost like it's ice. Wait! This is an ice volcano!" (laughter) "Happy birthday!" It's already dying! (snide tone) Pyromancy is actually just, you walk up to the vampire and light it on fire with your lighter. (laughter) Or so different from what you suggested. Mind you, if she wasn't a pyromancer and did that, you might be like, "Well, you don't really "have any fire powers. That's a little weird." (laughter) If it's not going to change the way the game plays, and it's cool cinematically, and it makes the player smile as they describe it, there's no harm in letting most aspects of that suggestion go through. You can even tweak it a little and tone it down as a reversal, but still maintain the core of it and they still have as much fun. To get back to your question, outside of improv? Who knows what's going to happen in the game anyway, but you want to be comfortable going into it. So best you can, try and think of a number of alternate possible routes. You don't have to flesh them out dramatically. Even have a few little bullet points of "Well if they go to the left, they might find a "hive of ropers. Or if they end up going to the right-hand side of this cavern structure, there's "a long crevasse that leads down into a small society of fungus men." And that might never happen. But if they end up going to the right, you at least have some idea of where they're going. It also helps to have a little Rolodex or a collection of note cards with random NPCs. If you have free time, just create random characters. They don't necessarily fit in your world, but if someone all of a sudden decides, "I want to go ahead and see who lives in that far house you mentioned "three sessions ago on the outskirts of the farmland." You're like "Uh..." Another very valid example. Shh, no spoilers. (laughter) You're getting there! You're getting there! Yeah, so loosely preparing where you can, but I cannot stress enough, no matter how much you prepare, you will always be caught off-guard. That's what makes it fun as a GM. You kind of have to embrace that chaos and just see where it takes you. Spend some time throwing a couple things in the world that could be tools in your toolbox if that situation arises so you're not completely left out in the void. But through those experiences you'll eventually become more comfortable just seeing where it takes you when you have no idea what's happening. You pick. I'm breaking up with you. (laughter) No, no, that's true. We are, Laura and Travis, Liam and Sam. (laughter) Right. It depends on the people you're playing with. First, you always have to gauge the players who are involved. If there is a concern of player characters forming romances, there being any sort of role-playing-- like in our game, we have Marisha's character Keyleth and Liam's character have this Ross/Rachel romance that's been going for a while now. We're also performers and we're all friends beforehand and we're mature, and Liam, even before he began to pursue this, came up to me as the DM and was like, "I'm feeling Vax might be "building these feelings towards Keyleth, but I don't want to pursue that for the story if it's "weird at all." I was like, "No, it's fine!" because I know he's a performer and we know that separation between character and self. However, not everyone can be as mature or as trained to be able to keep that separation and some people might be more jealous than others, and I have seen people who have been couples that game together and it's caused strain. You have to gauge the players and the atmosphere of who you're playing with and if you don't think or have any question that the atmosphere can facilitate that, then just don't do it. It's not a necessary aspect of it, or at least minimize it to the point where it isn't this dramatic moonlit sequence where they're both staring into each other's eyes and you have to sit there and watch your wife bare her soul to the guy who every now and then looks over to you and gives you an eyebrow raise. (laughter) It's a comfy couch. Yeah, so-- Boys, if you're playing in a game and your girlfriend's the Dungeon Master, and your character dies, it's not her fault, it's how the game goes. Ladies, if you're the Dungeon Master and you kill off your boyfriend's character, don't do it just because you can. (laughter) Just understand it does happen, don't take it personally. Next question. Let's go in the back. Let's see, you, sir, in the purple shirt rolled up to your elbows. AUDIENCE Salt, anger. Roll save vs. pillar. (laughter) AUDIENCE It does happen. AUDIENCE Totally. It's a valid question. For those of you who didn't hear it, how do you manage a game for many different types of people who want different things out of the game that can cause conflict and sometimes strife within the gaming group, both in-character and outside. One, I would be very clear with all the players before you even start playing what kind of game you want to run and what everyone wants out of it. It's very hard to run a game that will appease all the hardcore roleplayer theater geeks and all the number-crunching min-maxer Diablo-style kill shit and take loot gamers. You can find a happy medium, but you have to make sure everyone's on board for the happy medium before you get too deep into the game, otherwise you're going to have the party trying to pull totally different things out and frustrated when none of them are getting exactly what they want. You want to make sure that everyone understands what you're shooting for, that everyone in the party expresses what they want for their own fun, because even though it's your game as the dungeon master, everyone brings something to that table and you have to make sure that-- it's part of your job to make sure everyone is still having a good time. Two, not all gamers will gel. There are plenty of people that I had a good time playing with, but I know that these gamers would do terrible in a group together. I've run different sessions that have been fun, but I know I couldn't cross those parties, they would tear each other apart. That just comes from experience and reading it based on those discussions. Also, if any of these issues start arising during the game, talk to them outside of the game. After the session ends, if you felt any of that weirdness? Shoot an email off, make a phone call to them individually and be like, "Hey, "I felt some strange stuff going on here. Do you have any concerns or anything you want to talk "about?" Just hear them out. Don't combat it, don't try and shut them down. Just like any personal interaction, listen to what their feelings are, whether or not you agree with that. Let them get it out and then from there try and explain as to what you're trying to accomplish with the game and ask the question Is this the kind of game for you? If the person can go ahead and work towards that collaborative storytelling experience and try and compromise for the sake of the entire story and the group what it is they're selfishly wanting versus what the whole group wants, then you'll be fine. If not, maybe they need to find another group that suits their needs as a gamer. There's nothing wrong with that at all. I played many games with people that-- we don't blend as gamers, but I wish them well in the stuff they do and I don't hold anything against them for that. (laughs) Trying to get a rise out of the other players or out of the DM. If a person isn't working out, especially if you're the one that's running the game, you invited them to be a part of your story and your gaming experience. If you don't think it's going to work, you have every right to not invite them back. If you explain to them why, and in a very rational and very respectful way and they still can't handle it, then that's just even more of a clarification as to why this probably shouldn't continue with them as part of your story. Most times in my experience, people will be more understanding and a lot of times they're just not aware of it. Once that discussion happens, "Oh, I didn't realize I was acting that way," or "I see "what you're going with, okay. Now that I'm aware, I'll try not to act that way anymore." I'm a firm believer that 90% of the world's problems are based on misunderstandings and through communication we can solve 90% of the world's problems. Doesn't mean we will, but I believe that's the case. (laughs) Yeah. I was waiting for it! You pick. (sighs) (laughter) I will say we have nothing but the utmost respect and appreciation for everything that Orion brought to the show and the character Tiberius in the time that we did play together. However, some circumstances in life come to a point where they have to go their separate ways. He has his paths to walk, we have our path to walk and we wish him well and we've supported him through that entire endeavor. What the future holds, I can't say. You know, circumstances change, people change. I can't tell the future, and I like to think the best of most people in all circumstances. I can't give an answer one way or the other. Whatever he's up to, whatever the future holds, I wish him the best of luck and we shall see. (laughs) Next question. MARISHA and There's a lot of plaid suddenly in the audience. (laughter) AUDIENCE Welcome, yes! AUDIENCE This is a great question. It's a great question, because when it comes to especially homebrewing your own content, and as a new DM, there is nothing more frightening and daunting than going "Okay--" (nervously) "Where do I start?" (laughter) Those are just two locations where you can run many, many sessions, and that's building your own homebrew world, but you didn't have to create the world. It's very hard for you to do that. When I began running their game I created Stilben, and that was for the first two sessions. Then I created Westruun, and that was for the next six sessions? These are eight-hour, big sessions that we could only play once every four to six weeks. I didn't have Tal'Dorei figured out until they were getting towards the end of Westruun's arc, towards the first Winter's Crest festival and I was like, "Well, I've just started developing the Clasp, and there's a part of the Clasp here in Westruun, but "there's got to be a major center for the Clasp, there has to be a major center to this continent "they're on." And I began to develop Emon, and that was leading up to the Winter's Crest festival, and when they finished up with that then I could lead them towards Emon, and then I began to flesh out Emon, the more they expressed it-- It's very much like trying to catch up to the train while being on the tracks. You're like, "Okay, and then what's happening next week? Next week I get the feeling "they might want to go ahead and check out this petting zoo." Sure, let's flesh out the petting zoo. (laughter) Here's the key. I have six inklings of what you're going to do and I try and prep some of all six, so when you choose one of them I go, "I totally had that figured out." (laughter) I'm like, yeah, we got like three more sessions before they actually meet up with the Clasp and there's stuff to-- Where are you going? Come on in! We're going off grid, folks. We're off grid. (laughter) So yeah. It's going to go weird. Yeah. Yeah. But if-- and you want to, just make up names of places. Be like, "What's a good name for "an elven city?" Zorvana. Right? Thank you. What'd you say? That's a real name! (applause) And someone says, "Well, where are you from sir?" and I'm like, "Well I hail from the elven "city of Purvan." You just made up a name. But now, down the road, you can then begin developing this elven city of Purvan. (laughter) And it sounds like you've had it planned this whole time because the name was mentioned so many sessions ago. It only really clarified a week ago, but they don't know that. Magic! (laughter, applause) Good question. Okay, we've got to start moving through these. Curses! AUDIENCE We've got 15 minutes. We're going to start trying to make this go a little faster so we can get through as many questions. You sir, right there in the gray. Yes, you! Rise! AUDIENCE (laughs) I haven't run the new scenario of course, I've been running my own. But I've played through two different Expedition to Ravenloft campaigns-- played through one and DMed one. Strahd's one of my favorite villains. Probably one of the better villains of all the D&D campaigns for a reason, because he's a complicated villain. He has a lot of very interesting things going on internally, and not all encounters are about seeing Strahd, fighting Strahd. He likes to talk, he likes to learn, he likes to take beads on players. If you're running a game for players, Strahd is powerful, and yeah, if he showed up to start a fight with the characters the second session in, he would wipe the floor with them. But sometimes Strahd just wants to talk and find out about them, ask them questions. Maybe see elements of their history that nobody should know and start messing with their head. Barovia's a strange place like that. Secrets are traded around and god knows what the Vistani manage to hear in the whispers while you're sleeping and don't realize you're talking in your sleep. Such a great place, Barovia. For a dungeon master. Very scary place for a player. (laughter) Sometimes it helps to flail. AUDIENCE Let's see. One-- I'll try and make this as concise as possible. Improv classes once again, huge benefit both as a player and as-- I mean, look at Sam. Sam was at UCB for a long time and it shows. He is so fast, even if he has no idea what the hell is going on. (laughter) And if you like a voice you have never done before, pull out your phone real fast and record 30 seconds of you just talking in it, because now you have something to go back to to remind yourself of that and you can assign that to an NPC. Every NPC that I create, for the most part, I have in parentheses at the end of their brief description a texture, a pitch, and sometimes a dialect. So I'll go through something like relatively thick Cockney, kind of gritty, low-pitched or be like high and reedy voice, more of a thick Scottish, slightly abrasive. And those are quick notes for you to go back to. But you find those voices by just practicing in the shower when you have time to yourself. I thought you were ready. The illusion, see? (high-pitched British voice) 'Ello! We've all done this, DMs, any guy who has ever DMed has gone Monty Python. Don't deny it. But sometimes you just change in physicality too. I can be talking to you like this, or I can be talking to you like this and it's not changing voice, but this is an entirely different type of physicality to a character. If I'm talking the same voice like this, but I'm standing up a little with the shoulders to the front looking down at you, it's an entirely different character. No change in voice, but the physicality can impart an entirely different delivery experience of that dialogue, and engagement is the key. Even if your voice doesn't change, engaging your players, making eye contact. And I know it's hard, if you have notes down there back and forth, but don't be afraid that, when you finish your notes or when you're feeling comfortable in those little NPC diatribes to then engage once more, because it's that contact that, one, helps facilitate the players to be more into roleplaying in the moment-- it's the difference between saying, the shopkeeper offers you a better deal, then going, "I offer you a better "deal." One's a little more engaging. It's the same circumstance, but it just puts the player in the moment where they're having to connect with you, and that gives them permission to then offer that same energy back. And not everyone's going to be comfortable being that heavy into roleplaying. Some folks, it takes a while to come out of their shell and that's totally fine. Don't ever feel too frustrated or exhibit that frustration on the player, encourage them to be more comfortable. And if they aren't, then it's totally fine, but you present that opportunity for them to get out of their comfort zone and maybe discover something about themselves they didn't know they had, kind of like I did. Anyway, that was a roundabout answer. All right. Okay, I'm trying to go through this pretty quick round so that we can get through some questions here. You have a very nice jacket and collar, I have to call on you there. Oh no, this is from Fallout, yo. No, MacCready wore that for a while. Question! Oh, we got Preston Garvey. I just killed the ghouls! Ugh. Sorry, question? AUDIENCE Mm-hmm, totally. As a DM that's all I can do. AUDIENCE I have a few. I will say that a lot of the characters that I audition with, and a lot of the characters that I play in video games, started as NPCs in my old campaigns. Both Eder and Aloth in Pillars of Eternity were characters in an old campaign I ran out of high school. A lot of character voices and personalities, for me at least, I transitioned from the game and then brought into my toolbox as a performer. As far as finding similarities in them, fantasy genre especially has its own tropes. Like, "Oh my god, his parents were also killed when he was young, "and he's an orphan wandering the land with power? Wandering swordsman in search of a purpose, that "sounds just like every high school D&D character ever." So yeah, I've definitely had similarities in those regards. Some tropes come from honesty. Craven Edge says otherwise. Good question. You have a question, or we're running out of time? AUDIENCE (Strongbad voice) Ah! That is a very good question. I will look this up with the one percent on my phone, so it doesn't die. Okay, so tomorrow on Saturday, we have autographs at 1230 to 130, so long as you bring your stuff to get signed, we'll go ahead and put our signatures on it. Even have posters to sell with artwork from Kit Buss and Critical Role. With Keyleth as an earth elemental jumping onto K'Varn. It's really cool, you should have one. Then on Sunday, we have our autograph session from 130 to 200, so if you don't come tomorrow, and you're running out of time, come on Sunday. (Strongbad voice) You're welcome. (cheering) (singing) Trogdor needs more questions answered. AUDIENCE (singing) They don't know what your times are. (singing) Marisha's signing at 11. Man, you are prepared for this panel. AUDIENCE That looks awesome. AUDIENCE Cheap works, on occasion, but also consider not all challenges are based just straight on damage mechanics and weapon use. Building interesting and dangerous terrain for a battle can make what seems like a relatively pushover combat into a very, very precarious situation for the party. If you have an entire group of individuals that are across a giant chasm with ranged heavy crossbows, and the party can't find a way to get across because there's perpetual wind blowing up across the way, but their bolts are enchanted to be resistant to the wind as they're native to this terrain, that's a way where the party's like, "Oh crap! We're just being pegged to death from a "distance." Or consider fighting in a place that itself is very fragile, and the terrain itself is collapsing during the battle, and elements of it begin to fall away. We're talking top of Icecrown style battle with Arthas. You know who you are, if you got that reference, because we all suffered in torment, trying to finish that fight. Or consider there could be elements to the battle where the enemy might be resistant to most damage until you discover an aspect hidden within the room. Not quite like a lich's phylactery, but something that character is bound to that is hidden within that battlefield, and so it's half a battle, and half trying to search and scour the scenery for a means of disabling their defenses. Or consider a battle where there is a large amount of innocents that are locked away, and the longer the battle goes, collateral damage and innocents are being killed until the party can try and spend more time defending them versus just keeping the damage onto the enemy-- I'm coming up with different ways to fake challenge! Or it can be enemies that, as opposed to just dealing damage, it's a very, very high piece of terrain and they are more about grabbing and chucking things off of cliffsides. Or elemental aspects-- a lightning storm where you randomly start striking down on areas of the battlefield, enemy or friend. I don't know-- These are all just random things that could add difficulty or challenge to a battle without it just being a direct "my guys have longer weapons than yours," which has its place, but if you find yourself recycling those tropes too often, then think of other things outside of just damage. And if a creature you want them to fight doesn't quite have an interesting toolbox, you can create abilities that they have beyond what the book tells you. Perhaps this one brand of giant scorpion lived too close to a cluster of long-buried pure arcane energy and is beginning to mutate these crystals, and whenever anybody attacks them with a physical attack it creates a feedback shockwave of arcane energy that does additional damage. Think of things that you can attach to existing creatures to make them different. I'm getting the wrap-up sign, which means I failed at answering questions rapidly, but I think that's the nature of the panel. --and we're out of here. You pick. "Nervous" is part of it. Harness the nervous energy, that's what'll propel you when you're in that seat of not knowing what's happening. Understand that it's okay to be nervous and be afraid of what's happening. Biggest advice I would give for this circumstance is one, have a chance to chat with the players enough if they're people you don't know very well originally. Meet with them each individually for lunch and get to know them as a person beforehand so you kind of know what you're getting into before you start the game. Also asking them what they want out of the game so you can tailor a story that hopefully they'll all be happy with and get what they want out of the experience. And kind of what I said before, prepare as best you can, but don't over-prepare, because if you over-prepare one or two major paths and they end up completely veering off to the side, you will have spent all those hours on something that no one will ever see, and have no idea what's going on. Or, conversely, try and find ways you can redirect the story back towards what you had prepared. So I would recommend, as opposed to really fleshing out one path, loosely flesh out multiple paths, and give that opportunity where you feel like you have kind of a handhold on what's happening, but not fully, as opposed to having a really good grasp on one path and if it goes any other way, you're screwed. I hope that's helpful. You first. My favorite part of being a GM, or DM, is, every time you describe to a player the reaction to an action they took that they were trying for and were successful-- or a massive failure-- but some sort of reaction to an action that they attempted, and watching them light up and smile as they suddenly realize that they've driven a part of the story forward, and they realize that they have as much agency and the ability to create in the space as you do, and that to me is above and beyond the gift of being a DM, is watching other people create in the world that you created. I know many of you didn't get your questions answered-- Thank you. If you still have questions, we have other panels throughout the weekend. You can search the schedule. They're mostly voice over-related, but if you squeeze in a roleplaying game question here and there, we won't argue. All right guys, thank you so much for coming.