This is a lot of people. Before we begin, just want to let you guys know a large part of this panel is a Q&A. We do have a microphone right up here in front, so if you have a question you want to ask, line up now so we can get that chaos started before the panel. So ♫ make your ♫ ♫ way to the mic right there. Contra your way to the mic right there. ♫ Don't actually do that. That's a very bad idea. All right, cool. Now that we've got that flow going, I would like to welcome all of you guys to this afternoon's Critical Role panel here at Wizard World, Portland. (cheering, applause) Followed up by the wondrously tinker-worthy human gunslinger Percival von you know the name, played by Taliesin Jaffe. (cheering, applause) Next up, we have the masterful, professional, mentally possibly challenged barbarian of strength and might, Grog Strongjaw, played by Travis Willingham. (cheering, applause) Let's bring in our lovely ladies of the group as well, following up with the wondrous Vex'ahlia, one half of the half-elf twins, the ranger gathering Trinket the bear through the wild, we have Laura Bailey. (cheering, applause) Bringing up the rest of our intrepid band of adventurers, we have the Air Ashari half-elven druid Keyleth, played by Marisha Ray. (cheering, applause) And our mystical empty chair will also join us on the edge of the panel. This chair represents our two party members who could not be here, unfortunately, but sending a little bit of love from here to Ashley, who plays Pike, which we have a wonderful cosplayer in the audience. Yes! And Liam O'Brien, who plays the other half of the twins, Vax'ildan. Much love to you, Liam. I mentioned Trinket, but everyone was screaming over me. But yeah, Trinket of course. Your favorite. I should've sat you next to her. That would've been fun. So, yeah, guys, we're excited that you came! Who here doesn't know what the hell's going on right now? So we are ... apparently about to explode. We're a bunch of professional voice actors working in video games and animation who also happen to be huge nerds who play Dungeons and Dragons. We began streaming our campaign about two years in, almost a year ago, actually. We're coming up on our anniversary soon. We stream on Twitch for Geek and Sundry every Thursday at 7 PM Pacific Time. We weren't sure if this was going to go anywhere and anybody would like to watch it, and well, I think we were very wrong. Which is great. We're happy to be here and why not kick this off with some of you guys' fan questions and see the stories roll out from there? So don't be afraid to jump in if you have any random thoughts or ideas. You, sir, the front. AUDIENCE We're trying to keep spoilers out of this discussion if possible. Which is really weird for me. You kill the DM, your game gets a little strange. AUDIENCE You know, this world of Exandria that I've kind of created and they've kind of helped build that with their character moments and backstories and such. If any characters were to die, they would roll up a new character and we'd incorporate them into the story to then join Vox Machina going forward. If it was a TPK, if I survive the internet's backlash, we would pick up where the story left off probably with another band of adventurers to continue the plot from a different angle in some way. I think you have your answer. Sorry, guys. Sorry. Great question. The mic is your friend. AUDIENCE For me, it's the NPC. For me, the character inspiration for the NPC comes from where they fit in the story, where they fit in the civilization, what their drives are. Then I start thinking about their history. Then I decide, depending on from that point, what their racial traits and lifestyle would lend them to have a specific type of cadence, texture, vocal pitch. The voice is the last thing that actually goes to it. But I make sure to note next to every NPC what the voice type and dialect is because inevitably they're going to be pulled out of nowhere. It's fine if it's a home game and a character's voice changes from session to session, but when you have CritRoleStats scanning every episode-- "How many character NPC inconsistencies has Mercer done since episode one? Let's look at the time code." Right, I know. That's also forced me to kind of step up my game a little bit, too. You guys have helped me with that. So I go character first, voice second, and then make notes to remind myself where that lies. That's only come up recently. That's called character progression. (laughter) Well played. Yeah, Victor wasn't planned. Victor was an NPC that was pulled out of the ether when we were in Vasselheim the first time, and Percy's like, "I'm going to go buy some black powder. Where can I find that?" And I'm like-- Well, let's find out. (nervous strangled sound) Like, even when he asked, "What's your name?" and I just went "Victor!" He was like, "What was that?" and I went, in my head, "I don't know. What did I just say?" (laughter) Yes, I had designed Gilmore's Glorious Goods as part of the Abdar's Promenade in Emon intentionally, as one of the characters you might encounter as you went through the city, so I was very glad that he got to have his moment to shine, and continue to shine. I wasn't expecting him to become so central to parts of the story. "He's a majestic one." I only recently realized, looking back at the episodes, that his hand is like this. He just has a hand, at all times, he's presentary, and then when he's, "Mm-hmm, of course." It's almost like he's holding a fan but there's not one there? I don't know. It's weird. Good question! AUDIENCE Oh! All right! You're just hitting that front row, man. Yes! AUDIENCE Good on you. AUDIENCE Aww! Technology. And then what happens if he comes back into town and someone's like "Oh, look, it's Gerald, the Butt Poker!" (laughter) For them to already be rolling a new character during the encounter means maybe then want to try a different class, which is fine if they want to do that. As far as engaging people, to use an old adage, you can lead a horse to water. A person has to feel comfortable enough to step out of their comfort zone to try it, so you can't force it on them. You can try and coax them into it over time. I also find it helps if you engage them as the NPC directly. If you tell them, "You walk into a tavern, the barkeeper tells you, Ah, you should buy a room! It's different than going, "He turns to you, squeaks the inside of his jar and goes, Aye, miss, "what can I do for you?" You know? And just that eye contact? It becomes a conversation as opposed to keeping them in their imagination, controlled facet that feels more comfortable. It might take a while. You can talk to your players and be like, "Hey guys, it'd be cool if we could try and push a little more into character RP and discussions, and don't put any pressure on them for it but help coax them out by addressing them directly and taking into account that what they say is what their character says. Something like, "Oh, I'm not going to talk to this guy." Be like, "I'm sorry, you're not going to talk to who?!" "Oh, I mean-- I didn't-- That was him!" So you can can play in elements of that and get them comfortable with the idea of speaking as their character. Not everyone will be, and you can't force it. Well that's the thing. RP circumstances can also have their own rewards, too. If someone talks their way out of a good situation, they'll get a more profitable circumstance based on the quest or mission they're on. They might uncover information that is vital to their current plan and disposition. They may end up unlocking an ally that they didn't have previously. These are all different ways you can reward good RP, as well as just a nice little experience bump. I keep track of good character moments, and I give little bonus experience points. That was a great question. Thank you so much! (laughter) It's fun. I actually felt the heat from Laura's stare on that one. It's interesting, because it is a comfort hurdle for a lot of players and Dungeon Masters alike to step into the opposite sex. You know, we have a lot of cultural weirdness in places about that whole thing, and you have to kind of look past that initially. I was a theater kid, so I didn't have any shame. (cheering) As far as just distinguishing-- I had this question earlier, how do you change your voice to be female? I don't change my voice that much, really. There's a difference between chest voice and head voice. You know, thinking of the definition, it goes up more into your upper palate and your sinuses, and for a man it just takes some of the resonation out of it to where a character that talks normally in this way can sound a little softer, a little more-- Gently domineering, which I really enjoy as a strong female NPC. Allura skirts that line quite a bit, and I like that a lot. More than anything, it shouldn't be part of a focus. You always get that dumb player who gets asked by the barmaiden, "Can I get you guys a drink?", and he's like, "Oh, she's a woman? Well I'm going to go ahead and slap her on the butt." He's about to get pummeled by the guards in the tavern. Remember, even in these societies, sexism probably is not cool, and whoever works at that bar has a lot of friends she works with that are watching her back. Just saying. AUDIENCE No worries. Good question. Hello! AUDIENCE Yes. AUDIENCE Yeah. AUDIENCE Yeah, that's really great. Also, there's-- I've enjoyed it for a long time-- Real Role Play with itmeJP. Those guys have done phenomenal games for a very long time. There's also-- what was that? Oh, I confused myself. Also, recently the Yogscast guys have done High Rollers which is DMed by a good friend of mine, Mark Holmes out in the UK. And they're kicking ass as well, so those are a number of the ones that I watch and keep track of, both for inspiration and to meet other people in the community, so it's cool. Well done. Your quest is fantastic. That's awesome! I was surprised, too, because she took Celestial for three years in college. (laughter) Right. In older editions, in some variations, if you were to roll a natural one, it wasn't just an auto miss, it was-- You had to roll on a chart to see what horrible thing happened to you for rolling so poorly. Which is really fun. For my games, I consider the natural one more of a narrative failure. I like to explain the visual aspect of why you failed so much, and in some cases it's more of a shame than an actual-- more of a mechanical horrible blunder. And partially because I've played games where people use those charts, and they're like, "All right, you go to attack the orc. Critical fail. You accidentally cut off your "own head." And I'm like, "Really? How is that? No." Natural 20. He was like, "Roll a strength check," and I'm like, "To kick your friend awake?" So yeah, I think it's a cool system if you want to incorporate it. I tried it for years for certain things and it has its merits, definitely. I felt for our game I like to make the fumbles more of a narrative failure than an actual mechanical failure. Because then it can get a little too weird and really, really bite you back. AUDIENCE Well, fair enough, and that is entirely their call. Let them burn. Thank you. I hope they help and there's a lot of great communities online too, far before I put anything up there, that expand upon these tips as well, so don't be afraid to reach out to the Reddit D&D page and the RPG. Check out all those guys. AUDIENCE Oh no, I'm so sorry. AUDIENCE We can try but, understand, it's a very strong curse. Step forward, step forward. She's going get real angry when it doesn't work. Naming convention is interesting. I've always liked making up weird names anyway and a lot of times I'll just start thinking of-- it starts with letters that haven't been used very often in other areas, so I'll be like, all right, I made a Stillben, so that's an S name so I don't want to make another S named town nearby, so I'll go W. Westruun kinda came from just trying to think of, it's to the west of where the main city will be. Expansion sent it west. And then from that point, I started taking inspiration from different languages that would affiliate that area. A lot of Norse language works near Vasselheim. Looking into root words and certain spelling techniques in other languages and jamming things together that sound interesting and roll off the tongue well. And there's also really good name generators online for fantasy locations that you can go ahead. Worked out well for some folks. But yeah, just pull inspiration from books that you like, campaigns that already exist, source books if you have them, and take pieces from certain words that you like and jam them together and see if it sounds nice when you say it. That's all you really need. All of them. That is awesome. Thank you so much. I want to take a minute while we're talking about this, actually. One of the really amazing things to come out of this community, aside from the perpetual beer. That's real magic. To take a minute off that topic, one of the-- so many amazing things have sprung out of this community, more than we ever could have expected or hoped. But one of the things that perpetually humbles and blows me away is the generosity of all of you guys supporting all these wonderful charities, all these wonderful causes. You guys communally have raised so much money and so much awareness to so many amazing, largely overlooked in a lot of cases, charitable intents and it's incredible. So give yourselves a huge round of applause. You, sir. AUDIENCE Homebrew classes and races is a new thing to me as well, like I never really created-- The first real homebrew thing was just the transition of your gunslinger over from Pathfinder and even that took a while just testing and figuring it out. Learning to balance something homebrew on that degree, especially a new class or a new archetype? It's something that comes with experience and with community feedback. While I'm happy that I'm somewhat decent at D&D, there's so many great communities out there that are far more knowledgeable of how the game's original design construct was based on, what is considered good versus bad balance. When I threw my stuff out there--it was to the wolves in a way-- because everyone was like, "This is broken, this messed up," and I'm like, cool, thank you for telling me that, now I can go back and fix it. How about now? "This "is-- oh, this is better now!" Internet may be angry and forceful sometimes with its feedback, but as long as it's still constructive and it's awesome, which most of the community is, that's a tremendous source for you to use. There's the Unearthed Arcana Reddit is a whole area that's all about homebrew D&D content and they're all very knowledgeable and very willing to help you with feedback on your own homebrew ideas. AUDIENCE Thank you. AUDIENCE When CritRoleStats shakes his head no. (laughter) Don't be sad gnome, be happy gnome. Do you mean during the show, or do you mean legitimately on a theatrical stage? AUDIENCE Okay, so an actual stage show. And where did you play it? That's amazing. I don't think any of us can top that. Good question. When I knocked over an inkwell during a production of The Crucible, as Reverend Hale. I slammed the table during the trial for the latter half of the play. And whoever was being the clerk of the court had filled the inkwell with ink, which he wasn't supposed to do, but he wanted to write legitimately. I slammed the table, and it (blurp) and spills out all over my hand. I look down out of the corner of my eye, and it's just like, blue ink across my hand, and I'm trying to hide it. So someone else starts talking, and Danforth, who's the guy running the whole trial, starts getting really angry, and I raise my finger to point. Ink all up his white shirt, across his face. He feels it, and he doesn't know what it is, he just knows he's got something on his face. So he goes and tries to rub off the "spittle," and there's this giant ink smear across his face. None of us could tell him, so he did most of the second half of the play just with giant ink smears on his face. Yeah. Theater. We should go. Now. You should-- okay, next question. AUDIENCE It was interesting, because his father had actually left his tribe, his band. They're basically just like wild-living savage bandits that destroyed and pillaged whatever came in their territory. His father had separated from them after his early trials, and made a name of himself in the city of Westruun as a respectable individual. That's how when he went and met Pike, there wasn't-- People were not comfortable with him in the city, and stayed away from him, but there was no all of a sudden, immediate force of the local guard going like, "I don't trust you. "We're going to lock you up and cut your face." So that wasn't a huge issue. But the band is still out there. You did run into them once. It was a large-scale battle with all these goliaths jumping out. And the party was like, "We are so ruined." The fight was about to go, and I think it was the first time that I've ever had Grog stop fighting and socially talk the party out of battle. Grog! I know! AUDIENCE Roll initiative. (laughter) I don't know. We've got about five minutes left. If there are two or three we can get through quickly. She gives me the half-drunk one. AUDIENCE It's a fun little exploration element. It can be fun. It's about knowing as a GM when to edit a scene. You can let things happen, let it be fun, let interactions occur, and then once you feel like the goal of that scene has been completed or is close to resolution, you can nudge the party and be like, "All right, so from this "point, where do you want to go from here?" Or "As time passes, you continue the transaction." You can find a point where the fun has been had, the major arc of that moment has hit, and you can help hurry and bookend and then continue the next moment. We've got time for probably one or two more fast questions. If we don't get to your questions here, you're welcome to come and ask us at our signing later. We also have a panel tomorrow at noon. That's a tough one. For me, the archetypes, especially for fighter and combat-based archetypes, it's much more cut and dry as far as the transition for natural physics. A gunslinger, we know how ballistics work and some of the possible tropes for gunslingers in modern media, so that was an easy inspiration to transition and change some of the things and still make it interesting. When you get into stuff like that, where you're dealing with more obtuse magics and other creatures that are mythological, if you're having a hard time, reach out to a community of homebrewers like the Unearthed Arcana guys, and ask for suggestions there. There may be things that are already existing that are a good root or basis that you can then tweak more into what you want your final homebrew to be. And now there's the DMs' Guild, which allows everyone to put up their own homebrew stuff online, and there's a lot of great content there that you can find people with, and if you like it, you can toss them a couple of bucks and show them how much you appreciate it. I think it's really cool that they've opened up the community to create their own homebrew content and provide it like that. The gunslinger? Probably close to eight, at this point. Thank you very much. Come by later on and we'll get to your guys' questions later on. That's a very interesting question. They do, actually. Each wristband I keep on me, not just from a visual standpoint, but each has a very specific meaning. This first wristband here was actually gifted to me by somebody in the middle of the desert at my first Burning Man, and it's a representation of personal responsibility and understanding where I came from and where I want to go and make sure that I don't stray from that path and be true to myself. It's a long story where it got that meaning, but that's essentially what it means. This one here was actually granted to me by my best friend Brittany Wallach for my birthday many years ago. That's her right there. (cheering) I know, right? So yeah, each of these have a very special significance to me and are constant reminders of good moments and people in my life. AUDIENCE Thank you! It was a good question. Good! (cheering) Thank you so much! So 400 group signing, we'll be at our tables after that, and then we'll be there tomorrow. Thank you all so much. Is it Thursday yet?