All right. It has begun. People are starting to join. Now it's over here, Taliesin. No, don't avoid. You don't avoid, Taliesin. It's a-- Wow! Okay, that's picking up quickly. Hi guys! (laughs) We did the Critmas thing, the video on Talks Machina a couple weeks ago. And then a bunch of stuff came in afterward. To give you an example-- --can. We have this, and this, and this-- And this, and this. So we've got a couple things to do. And Taliesin for scale. A little bit. We're also very lazy. Don't give us any shit that our tree is still up. Anyway. Hi guys! Happy New Year! Welcome to all the chaos. Hope you're enjoying our pseudo break game on Thursday. Patrick Rothfuss was awesome, it was great that he was able to come in last minute and hope he can make it next week. We'll see. Yes, it's quite a few packages. We're going to do our best to try and get through them as fast as possible. You guys are awesome. I got a hello from Scotland, hello from England. Marisha is lighting some incense. There you go, Fisher-isha. I'm sorry. I'm going to regret that later. Me and Marisha are excited, we had a good day. We locked in our wedding venue. Which we're happy about, so finally got that situated. Anyway. "Is "Boris okay?" We're still on the lookout for Boris. Boris Watch 2017 is now in order. Boris watch. Boris. It's a story. Boris the spider is a prick. People are saying your hat looks cozy, Marisha. Turn the heat up. There you go. Just because now I'm remembering. I'm going to do this for the guys who need it. We're going to go sideways. There you go. Yeah. That's for you, Critical Scope! That was for you. So yeah, we're going to cruise through these. We've got some box cutters. The usual. People are saying "beep beep" from all over the world. Thank you, Andrew. Let's get this going so we don't keep you guys in too long. You just TPKed your group? No! --characters now. Love a good TPK? They happen a lot at the lower levels. If you're not careful, at least. Welcome guys, welcome to our little hang out. We can't plug the tree in, it's past Christmas. This is the slow death of the tree, even though it's not a real tree. Oh! We've got friends from all over the world today. As well as CaptainNimoy, our good Irish friend from the chatroom. Chat disappeared, but that's okay, came back on. All right, let's go ahead and get some presents going here. I'll turn this around; Marisha, Taliesin, you guys want to get the front load of this. Here's a couple of box cutters. I'll start passing this around. Let's start grabbing some stuff! What you got? Oh my god, we've got people from Overwatch here. Hey guys! Welcome to our weekend chaos. Just do it. It's not illegal for his friends. Sure. We've got to take care of it. People are loving your hair, Taliesin. Oh, Brian's going to love that. Talks Machina shot glasses. Yeah. They're going to stay at our place. We've got folks from Cork, Ireland in here. From the Dominican Republic. This is awesome. South Jersey. Slovenia. Holy s-- wow! Rhode Island. We've got people from all over in here. England. Chicago. Belgium. New Orleans. Portland. Ohio. Scotland. Denmark. Oh man. I'm going to be saying a lot of things here. That's awesome. Marisha, did you see what Taliesin just-- We had just run out of Tim-Tams. Those who haven't tried a Tim-Tam slam, seriously, you've got to. Especially with hot coffee or hot cocoa. This is true, actually. Do it. So great. Certainly. That is all candy. It is delightful, delightful candy. Yes, it is. Everyone is walking away. Marisha, send the pictures quickly. We've got to open more presents! All right, Taliesin. Keep going. We'll switch off in a second. Someone asked, "How often do you re-dye your hair, Taliesin?" Oh, Tuk is in here, Yukira is in here. That amazing, amazing manga pages they sent. That was amazing. Critmas continues. Critmas carries on! What is that? People are requesting Dagon shortly. Yeah. Oh Tuk's in there. MATT, TALIESIN, and People are asking Will I start making players make pregnancy rolls? Exactly. We got Sam the book on erotic roleplay. That's beautiful. If players ever in the story ever want to introduce offspring, that's their choice. I don't want to make it a random roll for them. What'd you get? Aw, that's beautiful. That is fantastic. You did buy us thyme, Tuk, and we appreciate that. We need it. Oh, is it? That's amazing! It's so beautiful. What is it? That's pretty great, actually. People keep asking me how big your bath is at home, Taliesin. There you go. People are going nuts over your hair, Taliesin. They want the color. All right, opening these presents. By the way, guys, some of these boxes apparently got lost in the chaos at the actual studio and have recently been uncovered, so maybe a few packages here are being opened that should have been opened a while back. Brian might come by? That'd be awesome! Dude, yeah! Let Brian come by and help open some stuff. How does box work? How. Does. Box. Work? Make an intelligence check, guys. Nope. It's from Australia, probably. Aw, PuffGames is in here. That's awesome. Got a box for Liam. I got a thing. I got a thing. This is Russian propaganda. Oh, really? That'll do it. What am I opening? Are you going to turn this around and I'll open it, and then we'll get back to your awesome- Okay. That's awesome! Someone made me a custom miniature of myself in a DM robe with a Tal'Dorei book, which is pretty freaking rad. That's awesome. That's going in the office. I'll try and get one. It'll be great. Marisha's currently dual wielding phones right now, so I'm going to duck down to get in the frame. All right. Let's spin it around. I think you should show Marisha what she got. Yes, I'm wearing my Periscope pants. Ashari Shiraz. That sounds like a Batman villain. It's pretty great. Exactly. All right, we got a lot of stuff to get through. (singing) Opening the box, the box getting open. That's my new-- TALIESIN and You can do it. From Brittany Whetland, you said? Nothing wrong with saying hi from Virginia, by the way. Virginia's awesome. Oh, that's so cute! What is? What?! No way! That's nuts! What?! That looks incredible. That's going to find some happy use. Sure, we'll swap out. (singing) Take hold of the camera, say hi to the chatroom. All right, let me grab some things to carry over. I'm going to grab these boxes here. Hi everyone! Let's grab this. This one is from Troy Pensclose from Stratford, who sent-- "Matt, Marisha, Liam, Taliesin, and whoever wants them. Enclosed are two copies of Tome of "Potioncraft for their creation and use. My hope is that this may aid Keyleth in her potion crafting "exploits, if only as a source of inspiration for Matt's creativity. There will be a companion tome "on poison showing up sometime in 2017 as well, as soon as the Kickstarter finally ships. I think you want this one. I think this one will be shared between me and Marisha. Yeah, you are. That's so awesome. Great coloring. That's fantastic. That's awesome. This is from Teffany Mae Malone. Get off me, paper. It says, "Dear Ashley, "Laura, Liam, Marisha, Matt, Sam, Taliesin, Travis, Shortly after my last package with the knitted "fingerless gloves and scarves--" "I learned a new knitting technique. It didn't take me long to come upon the idea that if "anyone you all would appreciate some dragonscale gloves." Wow, she made two pairs symbolizing each of the dragons in the conclave a smaller pair and a larger pair to accommodate those with smaller and larger hands. That's so cool. "There are ten pairs "included and only eight of you, so feel free to do whatever you wish with the extra two pairs You "can keep them, gift them, donate them for a giveaway, sell them, whatever you want." Wow, Teffany. Oh, what! Like, yeah, like. Holy shit. So that's, Umbrasyl, Raishan. Brimscythe and Vorugal. That's so freaking cool. I'm going to put a pair on, too. It kind of does, actually. What? Are you trying to get us both in one shot? That's fruitless, but sure. See that's what you want to do. Oh yeah.This is so freaking cool. Tiffany, these are amazing. Thank you so much! What did you open? We are keeping letters in an area so we don't lose them. Should I keep it all organized? I am going to keep my Thordak gloves. You ever do the Mortal Kombat versus screens? Du-du-dun. Inside this bag is a single yellow six-sided die. It's from Jack. @mayflydecember MATT and That's awesome. Hence dice bags. That's so awesome, thank you so much for the dice bags. That's fantastic. There's always a project. This is true. I put the letter over here. Cool. Opening this. This is Games & Gear DLB. "Dear Matt and Critical Role. Thanks for providing "our office with hours of entertainment on a weekly basis. Please accept these brushes as a small "token of our appreciation. I hope they give you as many hours of enjoyment painting your miniatures "as you have given us listening to the adventures of Vox Machina." What?! "Perhaps we may see some finished miniatures in the show in the future. Good work, guys. We all "love the awesome show. We wish you all a very happy holidays and a very merry Critmas and an "exceptionally happy new year. Best wishes, the Games & Gears Crew." They have sent an incredibly legit collection of miniature painting brushes, which I'm already getting-- I painted the recent Gilmore and Allura figures, but those are with my old brushes. These look awesome! They have a leather case in them?! Oh shit! I know, back when we had time. Look at this! These brushes have leather cases on them! Like, what the-- I will kill a man with those. These are so cool! Thank you, guys! Merry Critmas! Holy shit! That's so cool! TALIESIN and "I find your lack of crits disturbing." I'm going to try not to butcher this. This is from Elaine Kavagnan. Kavaganan? Here is a-- ooh, it's an actual wrapped present! That's nice! Here are cards. Inside the cards-- I don't know why I'm talking like Mrs. Doubtfire. Oh whoa! Elaine-- is a work-in-progress. It's a scarf for Pike with Sarenrae on it and everything. It's a picture of it. That's in-process. "Especially at Critmas," Christmas. I keep wanting to say Critmas time. "Especially a Christmas time, it's the thought that counts." And then the pop-up goes, "Great!" It says, "Hi guys, Love you all at Critical Role so much! I'll never forget that day I randomly "clicked on a random YouTube video for episode one. It's been one hell of a ride. Hoping that ride "will continue for a long time. I knit and crochet when my anxiety gets really bad, so I wanted to "make something for you all to show my appreciation for the show, for all you do. In this package is a "shawl for Vex. It took me a long time to find the perfect yarn that would fit her color scheme. I'm "working on stuff for the rest of the cast. Sorry, I'm really slow." Don't apologize. You guys are ridiculous. "I really hope you like it. Happy Holidays! From, Your Fan Elaine. P.S. I'm working "on a scarf for Pike, which is pictured there." That's so cool! Holy shit. Should we hold off on this and let Laura open it? All right, we'll let Laura open this. Thank you so much! Oh no. Who's it from? Fair enough. This package is from Merritt Polai? Polay? This is for you. Got presents here for Sam. Death Wish Coffee for the Pit Crew. Yeah! I saw it. Yeah, it'll do that. Wild cherry tea. I got awesome gifts here to distribute to the cast. Thank you so much! I think I'll go fill that in a little bit, actually. More in order from Eddie Chandler? Guy who sent the Talks Machina thing earlier. The shot glass? Apparently. Whoa. "Dear Critical Role, I found your show a couple months ago and spent my evenings watching "all the episodes to get caught up. Who needs real life?" I feel you on that. "Thank you for giving "us such a great show in its depth of creativity and vibrance provided by an awesome GM, coupled "with the rest of you adding your intensities and emotions to characters. One of the early episodes, "in the Critmas section in the end, somebody had sent you a bottle of libation. Also during the battle in Cloak and Dagger, Taliesin was saying he needed a drink, and at the end of that episode, Laura was saying you all should go get drinks because Percy had died. To that end, I'm sending a two-part gift, one with this note, and the other coming from overseas. Hopefully they arrive within a short time of each other. If the drink arrives before these, it's a bottle of Royal Dragon vodka." Which, it did arrive and we haven't opened yet because we were waiting for a specific event. Diseased Bitchy-Bitch is now her official title. It's a whole box of Critical Role shot glasses. That's fantastic. I'll be sure to save the letter for the others. Thank you so much, Eddie. Those will go to use, don't worry. Hi, Roadmouse! This is from Japan. This is a package from Japan! Marisha, you know how you wanted more candy? Now you get a bunch of Japanese candy. Candy from around the world! It's cider candies? What?! It's unlocked, Brian! We got dragon scales. I know, what the shit? Did you see the shot glasses you got? Dude! It's not an expectation; I was happy to give it for them. You're such an asshole. Yeah, dude. That's a terrible idea. I can guarantee you, it's obviously a conscious decision. This delightful box of Japanese gifts came with a letter. "You guys have kept me through some of the biggest changes in my "life over the past year, and they have both terrible, wonderful, and nowhere in-between. So I "thought I'd return the favor. I made these boxes on that theme, terrible and wonderful, along with "some things that can only be found on my island. I hope they bring you a few moments of joy in the "midst of stress as you all have done so often for me. Word of advice, don't trust it if it's cute. "From Haz, aka tinyfierce. P.S. I actually started GMing again thanks to you, Matt." Awesome. "P.P.S. "But tell Taliesin that he's my favorite, thanks." Fashion candies. I don't know! But we have a box of them! Marisha, here's your Japanese candy package. I was trying to get rid of the holiday weight. Not any more. "Chocolate and a Puppy" by the way, is our new sitcom show. Aw, are these letters for everyone? Aw! It's that season. These are all letters for the cast? I'm going to go put these in the cast pile and make sure everyone gets these. Travis as well, perfect. All right, do you want to trade off, Marisha? Okay. I think Taliesin's going to take the phone here in a second. I'm going to make some tea real fast because my throat's starting to go. It might be something in the air, I don't know. Oh man. All right, you sit the fuck down Marisha and open some presents while I make some tea. What? How did she even--? Yes, here, take this. Deliver you via dragon scale. You guys split the experience points with everyone who helped. One way to find out, Taliesin. Nice! Is it too dark on this? Can you go ahead and just tap? Also, my phone's pretty dark, so it's okay. Good, good. We have from Tod Dekine, it looks like. As well as M.J. Johnson gifts, both for Laura Bailey. We'll going to make sure those get delivered to Laura. Those were received. Want me to take over and you can sit with them? I'll refocus. Mercer, back at the camera. Yeah, go and-- Yeah! Okay, that is awesome. That's amazing. Dagon, do you like the Chroma Conclave? Dagon is not a fan Wait, did we lose visual? Chatroom, can people still see or did we lose visual? We'll swap cameras and see if it fi-- We're good? Never mind. That's cool. That's adorable. Oh, your wife made those between her ER shifts? That's amazing! MARISHA and There are two around. Aw, Marisha, you are Stacy's spirit animal. Aw, thank you, Ellie. That is amazing. Coloring book is from all the Critters and composed by their editor, Ellie Bright. These are so cool. I love it. Show off some more of the art to the camera. That's incredible. Bench pressing. Wow, that's so pretty! Hell yeah. So cool! Sounds about right. Not for long. Brian wasn't included to begin with. These are awesome. Yes! Look at that. FPS Mercer view of my friendship bracelet. Thank you! Oh shit. The coloring book was composed by the director of the Crit Role short films that we've seen. We do still have your bead bracelets, by the way. They were awesome. Oh, I fell. A whole piece of furniture moved forward. Sorry, guys. You got to have a front side view of me stumbling. That is amazing! That's so rad. Those cross stitches are so cute. Are you on a rampage? Get them, Dagon. Dagon's just-- She wants me? Thank you, Dagon. Dagon, say hi to all the Critters out there. MATT and Dagon! Pew pew! Pew! Pew! Dagon! Dagon! She's talking to you guys. Dagon! Pew pew! Dagon! Hey buddy! Hey buddy! Okay, you can stay on my shoulder, Dagon. Amen to that. Nuri, thank you so much! These are incredible. Nuri McBride made a $50 donation to First Book in our name, too, which is my chosen charity, this is amazing. Thank you so much, Nuri! There we go. It's important. Make sure you don't cut yourself. Oh, it's from Tico? I think you should, then. Safety forced. That's amazing. Thank you guys! An ancient brass dragon. J'mon Sa'Ord! What you got, Taliesin? Oh, gotcha. We've actually made a pretty decent dent. What kind of bird is it? Dagon is a cinnamon green-cheeked conure. She is adorable. Where is she? There she is. Hi, Dagon. Dagon, don't get angry. TALIESIN and Things that got lost. Yes, most likely. Thank you, Meghan. All right, Marisha, the journals are for you and me. Yeah. Good job, Brian, good job. Aww, Medley's a great name for a conure. There is more Signal Boost coming. They're shooting tomorrow, I think. They're asking how's Denise. Whoa! Who's it from? Who's the note? Yeah, that happens. Pendragon, that's right. Thank you, pindragon. Yeah. Dagon. Oh, that makes sense. Oh? What's this, Marisha? What? Yeah? What? I'm holding a bird. You want to take over? All right, take this here camera. I'm going to step in where you were. Why not? I get curious. And sit down, okay. Holy shit! Mine has a little hood. It's got lightning around my head, but it also comes with a Victor mask that I can put on. That's amazing! Gilmore-- I think it's lagging a little bit, so it might pop up in a bit. I think so. A little Gilmore mask, which is awesome, and a Clarota mask. How cool is that? I love it! These are amazing. Dana, these are amazing! BRIAN and Thank you for the drawing, Dana! Awesome dragon picture on the back. Thordak, just Thordak. That's amazing! Thank you, Dana. Oh boy. I like surprises. All right. I'm curious. That's actually glued to-- What? Oat cocoa stout? Festhalle Dark. That's so awesome! (Scottish accent) Wee little Red Head there for you. We have Rocket sauce, sponge candy. That is awesome. Andrew. Thank you so much. From-- it's probably Meghan. Letters can go over there. Aw. Put the small ones here on the-- we'll do the big ones last, how about that? It's for you, open the tube! (Scottish accent) Open your tube! Do it, sir! Let's see what's inside your tubes. I am personally quite curious, so open up. This is from Lissey Loredio. This is-- oh, what. This is a canvas print. BRIAN and That is so neat. It's so fricking cool! (cackling) Oh my god, I love it. Oh, whoa! It's Shawn's Zahra. Yeah. There's one for Will and one for Mary. Make sure that you give one of those when you go see her. Put that there. These are so amazing! Holy shit, thank you so much Lacey! Thank you! That's so badass. I'm going to get the other one to Will. We're working on it. Why are you so bad at opening things? Taliesin, the library Internet. Don't embarrass me! What? It's coming together. A little? "I've never mailed my Shrinky Dinks before, hopefully they made it okay." "If not, Super Glue fixes them up." This is from Liz Wooden or sithkitten5 on Twitter. "Dear everyone, about nine years ago my "husband asked our group to start playing D&D together on the weekends. I was reluctant at "first, but I fell in love with it and everything about the game. I played a lot of wonderful "characters over the years and unleashed the creativity I thought I'd lost. Along the way, I "started looking at other ways to get my D&D fix, and when we weren't campaigning, the search "eventually led me to Critical Role. Can't watch the show live, but thanks to the Internet, I'm "able to listen to the Monday upload during my lunch and planning the sessions at work." "I'm an occupational therapist that works at a private school for kids with autism." "The simplest way I explain my job is that I help these young men and women become as "independent as possible and give them sensory strategies to help them cope with day-to-day life. "My kids run through the entirety of the autism spectrum. Some of them are working on typing "paragraphs while some are completely non-verbal and working on life skills like washing their "hands. It's a rewarding job, but it's also very tough. Progress with these kids is often three "steps forward, two steps back, but it's also not uncommon when these kids get frustrated or hurt "themselves or get aggressive towards staff members. I've gotten my share of bruises, bites, "and scratches in the name of helping them live as full a life as possible." That's an incredible pursuit. "Again, thank you for letting us watch each week. Your adventures have been able to cheer me "up, even the hardest days at work. That means the world to me. Episodes were also a lifesaver when "my son was a newborn. 2AM feedings were much easier to handle when I knew I had you guys to "keep the two of us company. I look forward to every episode and even got my husband to watch it." Aww. "Our gaming group has never had much money, so we've always had to improvise. We design "our characters using an online generator and I take those designs and draw them onto Shrinky Dink "pages. Then use my Shrinky Dinks as map pieces." That's awesome! There's a bunch here for everyone. Ashley, Sam, Liam, Laura, Travis, Taliesin. Not yet. That's the next endeavor. It's my little Gilmore. Little Gilmore. Thank you so much, Liz, these are amazing! This is from-- oh shit. Yeah, I know. Syler Scotshear, I got your letter, and a sincere, "Thank you so much." I'm glad you're journeying along with us and hold tight out there in Ohio. I know it can get weird. This is a wonderful Scanlan shirt. "I work for the customs department. My name is Burt Reynolds." Which is in reference to a pre-stream episode that we have in our short pre-stream trailer that Ashley put together. That's awesome. Thank you so much, Syler. Yeah, and O Fortuna. She's good, man. Someone better lock her down. Yeah, to be fair. Not all games should be streamed. That's, for many of them, their first time playing, let them enjoy the experience privately and don't push them too hard, guys. Let them enjoy their game. But yeah, don't bother them about it, guys. Let them have their private game. Oh, this is to Liam O'Brien, courtesy of CoolStuffTommeggle. I don't know who it's from, but I'll make sure this gets to Liam. I know what he's growing it for. No. But you guys'll be excited. I do, it's awesome. They had to mocap the beard. (announcer voice) Four Score. (Kratos voice) Emancipator! (speaking) It'd be great. Yeah, it does that. Another one for Mary. What? What? This is-- what? What the-- what? Make a constitution save versus diabetes, guys. By the way, Tristan, I got your letter and your awesome dice bag accouterment there, which is awesome. Thank you so much. Oh, did you? That's so cool. Thank you, Tristan! Have you ever had those? Those are fantastic. Yes, you are, sir. It does that. Congratulations on the engagement, long live the Marishatt Merceray. Marishatt Merceray. There are numbers on it too, I love it! Yeah. They do have wasabi. (singing) I'm knocking out a Thermos for you. An ordinary Thermos, for you. Or it'll detonate? Critical Scope's on it probably. Whoa! Oh, that's amazing! Is that Bad News in there? I think it stanzas for them, yeah. This is from WilyTouchstone, Craig Tryhurst sent in, "Dear Matthew, I wish to express my new "appreciation and admiration for your skills as a gamemaster and a storyteller from Critical Role, "Force Grey and other projects." Thank you. "Many people who begin as gamemasters underestimate the "demands of the role and the breadths of skills required to run an enjoyable game, much less to "those who try to craft a compelling narrative--" It's time-consuming, but with practice, anyone can be awesome at this. Find your own style. Yeah, the awesome charm. It can go on your dice bag. I'd have to look at it. Yeah, it is. Yeah. I have it on my phone, which you're holding, so I'll figure it out later. It says, "Normally I would not dare--" Oh, okay. "I feel like-- the one force that I've come across that "transcends simple chance would be the embodiment of true elemental chaos. I've used this implement "in my own past games. My players came to regard it with reverence and dread. One ill-fated player "even cursed it as evil incarnate." Invictus, which I'm pretty sure was one of the things you shout in the old Ultima Online when you use a spell. "For this very reason they've secured it with this reliquary, bound and warded. "If you have faith in your players, it may bring your narrative to new heights or set them adrift "upon a sea of paranoia. The choice is yours, or at the very least, Laura has a new swanky dice jail." Oh, I love it! It's chained shut with sealing papers on it! I legitimately have to get a pair of pliers. Deutsche Post. Craig also has a bunch of additional things. This would be the O'Brien family, the Riegel family, the Foster-Johnson family. That's you. This is the Jaffe family, the Mercer-Ray family. Guys, I mean, I don't know. It's a strange position because on one hand, we're doing okay and we're busy people, things are going okay for the time being career-wise, so we have a hard time accepting gifts, per se, but we appreciate all that you guys do for us. There's so much heart put into each of these things and we've incorporated them all into our living space, so it's this tradeoff. You don't have to do anything by any means! If you feel inspired and you want to, then go for it, and we'll find a place for it. I don't know. Having to learn through the years how to accept gifts, it's a weird process. I'm appreciative of all the wonderful people, that for some reason, follow along with our chaos. What? Performed by Craig? Yeah, adapted and performed by Craig himself. That's awesome! What's what? We had a Critmas last time. You didn't open this big box. I don't know. We're getting to the bigger boxes here. We have a couple-- Oh yes, bring that over. Marisha and I will pull some stuff. I got your specific letter, Amanda, by the way, to go along with the brass dragon. Thank you so much. I'm going to read the full thing later on. Canada's great! We haven't been to any of the major cities yet. We went to Nova Scotia for a store opening up there. It was really fun, really pretty up there. We're trying to find a way to get back to New York soon. Oh, what? Chris Moss said, "Critical Role, I've watched you guys since November. It was nice to "binge watch all the back episodes every night and then get caught up. Sadness. But I have a new "goal. While I've been waiting for 'How do you want to do this?,' I wish I had thought of that one, "it's so good. I used to play D&D back in high school. TSR-80 and Atari were a good time and a "brief time while in the First Gulf War, Desert Shield and Desert Storm." Thank you very much for your service, by the way, Chris. "I was a sergeant in the United States Marine Corps. Then after that, I got married and "had two boys and never got the chance to play again until you guys came along. I did get into "some PC gaming when I had two boys. Now they're both grown up and on their way to college and I've "no time to play, but there was something missing. After I found you guys at Geek & Sundry, I was "going through my D&D suitcase, came across these books that needed a new home, and I thought of you "guys. You guys are bringing a lot of laughs into my long weeks, and hope to see more. Scoot with "the good times. P.S. Sam, you're awesome with limericks." He is. "And P.S.S., my handwriting is "so atrocious, so I typed it." Don't worry about it, buddy, it's all good. He sent these original Dungeons & Dragons books. Like the original Greyhawk supplement, which is legit. There's the rules from the Men and Magic book. Women weren't allowed apparently in that one. And the Underworld and Wilderness Adventures. Okay guys, those who haven't seen what D&D looked like in the beginning. Yeah, right there. This is what it looked like way back in the day. Heyo. I always loved the older design of the Beholder. What was the old, sad movie, old black-and-white silent films? Yeah. It's beautiful. This is a kingly gift. Thank you so much. It's from history, yo. Yay. Sorry, buddy. (chuckling) That's awesome! Oh, what? That's happening. That's fantastic. Percy, take it. This is for Pike, you can bring it to her while you're over there. Aw, damn it. Here is a new Vaxleth fic from Adam Schwartze. Tiamat, as you know him. That's there for you and Liam, which is awesome. MATT and Dude, you beat me to it. It depends on the era. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles had such a big impact on my life as a kid. For me it would be the old Ghostbusters to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Darkwing Duck, and those are the three that really hit me. I can't pick a favorite, there's too many good ones! No. Yeah, you see him a little bit in Wolverine and the X-Men. That's amazing! Oh, wow. That's so great! Oh, we each got one?! We've lost the Internet. That was one of the many greats in the Lorenzo Music series. Incredible. Marsden, wasn't it? Really? I know it was one of Jason Marsden's early works. (chuckling) Good. We have a few big ones left, right? Oh Marisha, hand me that one on the ground. That one right there, yeah. Oh, what is that? What? That is heavy, Jesus. It's from Julian Hupp. Thank you. This is a heavy-ass box. How big is this son of a bitch? (singing) Sometimes, some crimes-- (singing) -- go slipping through the cracks. (singing) Ch-Ch-Ch-Chip n' Dale. I'm not, no, I was singing before you-- (chuckling) (singing) When there's danger, you know I never fail-- To be fair, yeah. The day you realize. I remember there's a time where my parents-- There was a party they were going to for a friend's bachelorette party and it was at Chippendales, and I heard them say it. I was like, "What? That's not fair!" And that's when I found out. "Dear cast of Critical Role, I'm not sure I have as much to say as my wife, but I wanted to "explain the gifts. For almost two years now, my wife's been watching your show and has fallen in "love. She has watched through the ups and downs, not just in our life and campaign. During that "time we've helped her through so much, Matt has pissed her off and brought her back along, which "I'm sure a lot of us Critters out there. While I don't watch as much anymore with her, I do catch "the occasional episode and laugh my ass off." Aw, that's really sweet. It says, "Pass on the "family," and it's been a couple of hard years for both him and his wife, and they've both lost two members of their respective families. Before that one, "To explain the gifts, I wanted to thank you "for all you do and wish you all the best of luck in the future. The gifts you will find 12 mugs "enclosed in the box. Eight are special for the main cast. The remaining four are etched with my "version of the Vox Machina logo on one side and Critical Role logo on the other." "These four you're free to give away either to the crew or as gifts. If you feel they're good "enough to auction out for charity, I'd be honored. Eight of the cast are etched with the Vox Machina "logo." Wow. Okay. This is from Julian Hupp and Crystal Hupp. Oh, there's a letter here from Crystal as well! Oh my god, you guys! Okay, we'll read these in a moment. I don't want to run out of time. So these are-- what? Pike Trickfoot! What could possibly go wrong in hitting-- Your entire name is on there. These are so cool! Holy shit! Yeah, we're going to have to celebrate with those in the future. That's magnificent. Thank you so much. We now lead to the bigger boxes. (Russian accent) All right Taliesin, deliver the big box. (Russian accent) Bring it to this place. We've got a lot of work at home to do and we're trying to decide what we can go to and not go insane. This is from Emily Duette, I think it says. Emily Duette. Oh, we all got specific boxes! I think it's probably Scanlan's. I think yours is the one with the actual De Rolo crest on it. What is in there? Oh, we got this for a lot of people. Oh, these are awesome! Oh, what? No, handwriting is amazing. Emily, your handwriting looks like Elvish. It looks like straight-up Tolkien. Like Quenya. It's awesome. Oh, no way. That's awesome! This inner-workings journal, by the way, this leather binding on this is awesome. This is fantastic, thank you so much. (chuckling) Thank you, Emily, and I'm excited to be in Final Fantasy. Her box is Cor Leonis-themed from Final Fantasy XV, which makes me happy. Thank you so much, Emily. Better get this to the rest of the cast. Taliesin, don't leave us. (Sean Connery voice) Don't leave us, Taliesin! We require your presence. I'm sorry, Taliesin has left us. There's no hope. No. Stop it with the dice ball! We've gotten a little loopy at this point, I apologize. We will be now that we have the proper shot glasses. You got drunk and danced with your friends. You basic. Basic as fuck.-- It's one of the best, and the follow up-- The best things they've done outside of that ruins everything. Do you need help with this? Cancel that, Brian. Brian? Yeah, ready? There you go, Brian. Trying to clear off the packing peanuts. So guys. There's a fantastic group of very talented artist Critters who have been slowly categorizing the death of each member of the Chroma Conclave with a bust. This is their recent gift. Getting close, you guys. Yeah! No, this is for the LEDs that are inside Thordak. There are six batteries. You can change batteries in the back. Oh, look at the gem there exposed too! Look at that shit. That's so fricking cool, you guys! Consistently outdoing yourself with each gift. They do incredible work. Holy shit. Holy shit! That's true. I'm going to hold it by the throat. Jesus Christ! That's four. They only have one member of the Conclave left. Yeah. Oh, maybe. Oh man, in high school, it was down to almost my waist in the back. Yeah, it was about-- there's the letter I was looking for. Oh, and new batteries. Yeah, my hair was about that long in high school. Yeah, there's a little bit more. There's three more boxes to do. When you have a community as amazing as this-- That is half of the Thordak battle map. For those who don't know how I do these usually, these are big baking tins that I sprayed with Plasti Dip, so they have a sticky, or at least, resistant surface. That way, I can build the map at home and then take it in pieces to the set and in the back of my car. Yeah. These are actual two halves of the same set and I put them side-by-side. And I have a bridge piece between the two of them. That way I can build them at home and transport them to the studio than having to build them on the actual set. Look at the patterns. That would be magnificent. Shit, guys. Can I see the remote? That's a thing that exists. All right, we got three more, one of which is a package that also got lost at the studio. Let's do that. And Vex. I don't quite know what this is yet-- That's amazing, holy shit! Is that from-- is it Robbie? RecklessRobbie. Maybe. Pending. "I go by RecklessRobbie on most things Internet and ArtThroughFlame on Etsy. Travis "seemed to enjoy the last one of these I made." This is the guy that made the last one with him screaming, "Vax!" "So I figured I'd make another one that's continuing. Thank you for this "amazing-ness that is Critical Role. I didn't make one for any particular member of the group, so if "there isn't a spot for it in the studio, then the cast will simply have to fight over it." Oh no, we'll find a place for it. That is so cool. "Quite literally, if you have another battle royale in the horizon, have the winner choose who "gets it." I do kind of like that. We'll see if there's a place on the set and if not, we'll do just that. Yeah, it is straight-up a shield! I wasn't sure if I was going to get a box. That's awesome, it says, "Vox Machina," it has the symbol on the other side. It says, "Dungeon Master of a thousand voices," and it has a skull and crossbones. Man! This is going to come out so it can stay in the kitchen. Wait, you know what, let's do that one now. To preface this-- No, this is the one that was at the post box. Yeah, and we had to particularly get it in our vehicle. It is labeled with many "Fragile" stickers. As soon as you picked it up today, it was like-- (parts moving)-- it has many small pieces moving inside, so there's a little part of me that's feeling really anxious about this. Hopefully we're good. Whatever it is, I'll fix it if it's not there, but hold that for a second. I literally went to pick up today and I was like, "Oh no, please no." I get the sense based on the audio that perhaps FedEx did not treat the box as kindly as you would have hoped. It's huge. There's a letter in here that says-- "To Matt and Marisha." "Hey Sun Tree, hey Kiki. Dear Matt and Marisha, I'd like to donate a framed poster of Vox "Machina to you. I ordered it and it was a bit damaged on the edges, so Geek and Sundry sent me a "replacement. I had them both framed, hung one on my wall and decided to send the other back to you "and perhaps auction it for charity, whatever you like. Especially yours, Jason Morrison. Is it "Thursday yet? @JasonofArabia." Yeah, we can leave it out. It's thick plastic. But that's okay. I feel like we shouldn't open it entirely, because the more we don't open, the higher the chance we can-- we will get this reframed. We didn't get one-- the framed one. It's our actual poster. I actually want to make a really good charity gift or something. Yeah, we'll get that fixed. I wouldn't trust Glenn with anything, fuck that guy. Say who they're from so that we don't have to take too much longer. Jay Carter, III. Francesco Spezzari. Yeah! That's going to be useful. (chuckling) No. From Jamie Savage. This is actually the breakdown of "The Epic Battles Made Easy" from the DMs Guild they printed out for me. Well, it would've been helpful if you guys hadn't bypassed the entirety of the actual war, so it never would've come up. So it's their fault. But no, this is great. Which, by the way guys, I've actually downloaded this already, Jamie, in preparation for these types of things. Not with these specific creations, of course, here, but this is awesome. If you guys haven't seen it on the DMs Guild, this is a really good way to help or break the large-scale army-versus-army combat D&D without being a billion dice rolls and bog down the actual narrative, so, thank you so much, it's awesome. Thank you guys all so much for all of your amazing generosity to the community, to us and our ridiculous D&D show. Please continue to support all the amazing causes that you do, and we do, and each other. Guys, thank you so much. We love you, and we'll see you soon. Is it Thursday yet? Brian, you going to do what I do? You're doing what I'm doing. Yeah, it's not so easy when it's your-- huh? How do you turn this off, huh? How do you do this? How do you do it? How do you do it, Brian? How do you turn this off, huh? All right. So? Maybe. Well, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to go ahead and-- Hard close. Bye, guys!