We'll keep trying. We'll make it work. I know! And wish you a very happy Thanksgiving. If this fails, it falls through. We keep starting when we get to cities and then pushing into dark areas with no lights. I know, especially where we left it off. Ugh! I concur. Yes. I'm not the person to ask this. I'm sorry, I have to enjoy the fact that you turned to me to ask me a football question. That's delightful. You guys can go play your "footsballs," and your outdoor things. I need to read it. I haven't. You should be. You're good at writing. That time that the artists have to work on it, too, for that much turn around. If this goes well, we'd like to do more with it and actually produce. I mean, pie in the sky, I'd love to be able to put together an actual comic based on previous exploits of Vox Machina and stuff. That'd be a really fun thing, but it's also one of those things that is time-consuming and expensive. They're bite size, four panels each week. Family Ties? Family Ties was the best comic strip I've ever seen, I don't know about you guys. The crossover with the Avengers was pretty intense, too. Good to see Michael J. Fox in fighting form. I'm glad we're maintaining signal. This is nuts. Fire Emblem Awakening, yes. No, Crispin voices all the other cooler characters. Thank you for being the wind at my back and the sword at my side. Yeah, no. Dagon doesn't do well with driving at all. I know! I didn't know birds could do that. She starts hyperventilating, she starts throwing up and we're like, "No!" We have to put her in a little box and cover her up when we take her to the vet. Oh! I've had a few questions about this I wanted to alert you guys to. I mentioned the updates to the Witch Hunter class. I'm working on those, a lot of adjustments. Inspiration. A lot of it stemmed from the fact that the character class was sort of inspired through the preparation for the Vin Diesel game, but I had to tailor it to what little information I had on his character. The title "Witch Hunter" was to tie into the movie, but it was also a misnomer as the class didn't really have much to do with witches, that was just one of its quarries. Some of the abilities were created based on what little information I had about the trailers of the film. Once that film, that whole promo event left, I wanted to recreate the class in a way that was wholly my own and wasn't quite so directly affiliated to that film and that whole event. I changed the name, currently going with the theme of calling it a Blood Hunter. The idea being that it's essentially a warrior or a martial class that is so in-tune with its own physical vitality, its life force that it sacrifices and utilizes it. Its Blood Rite is now called the Crimson Rite. It gets Blood Curses, which you can gain more as it levels up and those allow it to curse and manipulate enemies' psychologies in small ways, as well as their own. Imagine a martial class Blood Magus, if you will. So instead of being all magic-based, it's about enhancing and altering, martial prowess, and small manipulations of the enemy. The Blood Hunter, I'm calling it, should have some updates coming soon. I'm getting some great notes back. I'm actually getting some notes back from some folks at Wizards about it. That way when I put it out, I can have it pretty well-balanced based on community feedback and official company feedback and I can feel a little more comfortable about throwing out in the ether to be torn apart by the sharks. Hopefully, I'll have that for you guys soon in some way, shape, or form. It's been a lot of fun to-- Homebrew, man. It's a process. Blood Hunter, as the essence of their capabilities are through forbidden blood magic and the ability to sacrifice their own vitality or manipulate their own vitality to enhance their abilities. The blood is the very central theme to a lot of their capabilities and magical prowess as part of their martial enhancement. That's the theme! Other than that, there are still creature hunters, they're still very much against demons, fey, dark fey, against ghosts and undead and stuff like that. Those things still align there. But the core of that class is now based around manipulation of its own vitality. There you go! That's an impossible attempt. I appreciate your candor. Oh no! No! Whoever it was, if you had a good question, ask it again! Marisha's filtering the chat so I'm able to drive. Ooh! There's some great domains there. There's the trickery domain, there's the war domain, and it depends on the theme of-- if you want to truly embrace your demonic heritage or if you shun it entirely and your pious development as a character is more to try and make recompense for what you deem yourself as a cursed bloodline. No. Yeah. Find a cool story aspect, a nice hook, and a reason for why you built a character the way you did. No matter how weird they are. People complain that multiclassing isn't as powerful in the long run as sticking to a single class. From a numbers standpoint, maybe, to a negligible degree, really, but it's all about what's making what's interesting to you to play in a game. If you have a campaign that's in the min/maxing dungeon crawl, make something that works in that degree. You could make a punk or an asshole to a degree, as long as there are some redeeming quality to them. Because the rest of your party has to hang out with you for that time as well. Unless you all agree that you want to make a party of terrible people and do a short-run evil campaign, maybe. A loveable, scummy douchebag! I have many friends that fall in that same category that-- I shake my head at them quite often, but more often than not, you know there's a good core there, there's a good person. They just have very curious methods. Mind you, I don't have any friends who crapped on beds or anything. That I know of. That I know of. Oh snap. The first Thursday of the month. We were going to try to do-- Right. Not this one, not next one. Yeah, so it'd be two. We're pushing it back to the second week this month because we can't do the Thursday before Critmas. We're not playing Christmas Eve and then we can't do the week before because that's also the opening night of Star Wars and pretty much the entire crew, as well as most everyone we know will be out that night to see that. So we're going to play, we're going to end as close to 1000 as we can, and then let everyone go early. So we're going to be doing our Critmas a week later than we normally would be, so it'll be the second Thursday of December is the current plan. It's a strange thing because on one hand, it's a really wonderful thing that you guys share with us your passion and your interest by sending things, which we never expected, asked for, or thought would happen. It's a really cool experience! At the same time, it's also very strange to be receiving so many gifts to an extent because we're just people. We would like to redirect some of that positivity towards great causes and stuff, as opposed to having to buy a lot of things necessarily. Crafts and things you want to make, music or art, all of that stuff is fantastic. Another great avenue that we really appreciate is giving to charities and supporting, Like the animal rescue charities are great. The person that adopted that bear for Laura was great. And a druid. Due to blight. Think of Whitestone. That's really cool! We all empower each other, that's what so crazy about this community. Everyone supports each other to such an amazing degree. We're just a channel for some of that positivity. It's so cool when good people get together and get to do good things. Because of her amazing talent, but-- It's become this weird hub for a lot of things that are really cool. No pressure having a real Brit all of a sudden play D&D with you and all of your fake-accented characters.