Why do I always get the podium? (laughter) I can move it. Can I move this one? I want to be part of-- I'm going to go to the other microphone. I feel so formal and separate. Thank you all for attending the aluminum siding sales convention of 2016 here in Vegas. I'm going to move here. (cheering) It feels so different from this side. Well, hey guys! Thank you so much for coming to our Friday afternoon WonderCon Critical Role panel. (cheering) Here, let's go into introductions around the table for the folks in the audience that are really confused as to why they're here and don't know what's going on. Travis! Who are you? What do you do? (creepily) Yes, kill all the things. (normal) Yeah, if you want to? What have you voiced recently? It screams at 4 AM, does the whole thing. On that note-- Hi everyone again! I'm Matthew Mercer. I'm the guy that doesn't sleep any more. Dungeon Master for Critical Role. As far as voice over goes, Leon Kennedy, Resident Evil. MacCready in Fallout 4, now with this gentleman here. Wolf and Kindred and Gangplank in League of Legends. Bunch of other stuff right now-- Robin in Arkham Nights. Off the top of my head, I'm really bad at this. You understand! Ryoma, Sugar Ray, Azama in Fire Emblem Fates which just came out recently. But anyways, this panel is about Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy ass voice actors roll dice and play D&D. If you haven't gotten sick of me saying that phrase by now, you will in time, I assure you. You guys are awesome! Beach ball's nothing, man. I want to Wayne Coyne this from the Flaming Lips and get inside a giant ball and roll out through the audience, like the efreet did last time. We're going to have to bulk order some d10s then. Yeah, let's Q&A this. Taliesin, lead us in. We have two mics over here at the front of the stage. If you have a question-- Do you want them to line up, or are you going to go to them? All right, if you have a question, go ahead and line up in the two alleys before the two individuals holding up microphones right now. We'll take questions back and forth and try to get to as many as we can. [inaudible] Oh, we're having a roll off here! I'm so excited. [inaudible] AUDIENCE Pick a number! [inaudible] 14, okay so we're starting this side, but we'll come back to you. All right, sir! You there with the wondrous man-bun. All right, rearranging. That's a good idea. One line that way so we don't block anyone's view of the panel. Big ups to our event organizers over there. Thank you guys, the volunteers! All right, enough dilly-dally, question! AUDIENCE Hello! AUDIENCE I think it's safe to say that each one of us at some point in our life has had one person that, out of the goodness of their heart, stepped forward and helped us with something, and changed the course of our life, and I think so many groups, so many charities, so many-- I want to say conclaves, but that has a whole different context in this place-- groups of individuals strive to provide that to larger groups, and it's wonderful to see that those are out there, and you want to try to bring that to attention, but the applause goes to all of you guys, the community that have adopted all of these wonderful charities and lifted them up and given what you could, even many of you who couldn't, and seeing that type of feedback in the community has been incredible, humbling, and more than once has brought a tear to our eye. That's why I like to bring tears to yours. It's vengeance. AUDIENCE It helps to be crazy. Especially for the ones that come off the top of your head, a trick that I recommend is having a printout somewhere in your notes of a series of names, male and female. It can be as mundane as you want them to be. They can be as fantasy-driven as you want them to be. There's a lot of weird websites out there that have fantasy name lists and-- It's a real name, you guys! Oh man, I can't wait until Purvon shows up and TPKs the whole party. Sweet, sweet vengeance. You can look up names from different backgrounds, look up ancient Norse names, things like that. Those are cool things to pull from, and have that so when somebody goes, "That little "boarded-up shop you talked about? I'm going to go ahead and break into it, because I hear "someone moving in there." You're like, "You find... Stevran." From there, you can have notes of various traits, too. You can make a list of personality traits and randomly pick them as you see it. "He seems a bit agitated by your purple shirt." That's already a step better than nothing, you know? Getting used to making those strong choices very quickly-- There's no real key or cheat sheet to it, as much as it comes with experience, but any notes that you have at the ready will help you be more comfortable with making those quick decisions over time. AUDIENCE Okay, after the panel. Hello! AUDIENCE She's got some bad luck, man! AUDIENCE It happens to all of us, it's ok. (distressed bear noises) (cheering) Now jump into my necklace! (whooshing) Hello! AUDIENCE Well, you played a few one-shots, too. It worked out okay. One-shotting fire elementals in the battle. That was ridiculous. Marisha will remember that. (laughter) I remember I made a Dawn Cast in an Exalted game for a while that was really cool on paper. I liked the idea and the theme behind it, but then when I realized partway into the campaign there was going to be a lot of social combat and I had nothing except a giant Final Fantasy-size sword, and that's about it, I spent a lot of the game going, "Are there hors d'oeuvres?" I regretted that choice a little bit. Other than that, you find something weird about the character and if you don't like it, have them jump off a cliff. Thank you, good question! AUDIENCE You guys are ridiculous! AUDIENCE We'll have a little drop point. Thank you! You, sir, with the fantastic t-shirt. AUDIENCE You understand me. AUDIENCE I'll answer my question real fast because it's a fast answer a lot of cocaine. No. You keep the rules there as a basis. It's a lot of paying attention. It's a balance between having to be bogged down in the rules, and having to let the story unfold and let the players have fun, so you keep a balance there. How to keep them together? I have a lot of years of experience at this, and a lot of patience. Thank you. Yeah, actually. I have them just in case, but that doesn't really happen because you guys don't really venture back to the same places, which is great. It means you're traveling the world. It's wonderful. To be fair, we did play Pathfinder for two years. About the time you guys got familiar fully with your character abilities, oh, new edition! It's a balance tool. You should be glad I forget the concentration checks. I'm trying to be better about that. It's very intimidating at first, when you consider the possibilities of how much you can create what you should, what you shouldn't. It's very daunting at first. I built just a town. A singular town with a little swamp around the outskirts, and that was where they started, and that was where their story began. I let them play in there for a session and then by the end of that session, I had an idea of what they were looking for, what they enjoyed out of the game, and I can build the next town, and the spaces in between. For me, it was letting them drive the story for the first few sessions and expanding based on where they seemingly wanted to go, what they wanted to accomplish in the game. Don't feel like you have to front-load everything. I will say, if you want to make a strong, fun campaign, any general themes of the world you want to do, set that at the beginning. Like the Eberron setting for D&D. It's a very high magic campaign that transpired after a great war that destroyed a bunch of these main, top cities, and everyone's just now recovering from that encounter. That's a cool thing to build around from there. Think of a really strong theme that the rest of your world could be based around, but you don't have to build the entire countryside before you start playing. Start very small. Where you can control and flesh out a small area, see how the players wander in that space, and when they start feeling like they've accomplished everything they can accomplish in that area, build the next one and take it from there. AUDIENCE You'll be making up half of it anyway, as you go, every time they do something you don't expect. Good question. AUDIENCE Is that the Drumpf hat by the way? AUDIENCE Hell yeah, it is. The Donald Drumpf hat. AUDIENCE Exandria. AUDIENCE Just a dragon with X eyes on it. That show is phenomenal. I'm trying to prod Justin Roiland to make me come on and do an appearance some time. We'll see. We'll see if he ever has time. He's a busy man. Any other shows you guys want to do? You'd make a good Jupiter. TALIESIN and Rick and Morty. Good job. Good question. AUDIENCE You did your first session. It's true. It's funny, you'll see a lot of people who don't understand D&D, but performer or not, I've had people that I've played games with years ago, in high school, it was their first time playing, and once it clicked how it works in their head, it was like they had been playing their whole life. That's not the case with everybody, some people it takes a little bit longer to get into it, but there's some folks that all of a sudden it's like, "Oh! Oh." (laughter) Yeah! We've had a lot of people who it was their first time, and we also did a couple one shots for folks who had little to no experience from any RPGs previously, so we've done a few. There has been some discussions about maybe doing a community contest to have a fan at some point in the near future. We're trying to work out the logistics of that, we'll see if that can happen. AUDIENCE What's up, Kimmy? Yeah, we're trying out something there. Once again, I don't want it to be too much of a guest-centric show, because it is the story of Vox Machina, but we will still have guests coming in every two months or so depending on availability and if it fits in the story, and I'm sure we'll be dragging some more newbies into the fold as we do. AUDIENCE Let's say, theoretically, a person not in the game killed somebody. They'd be in a lot of trouble. That can also happen in your game. Unless they're very good at hiding the body, which they can get away with maybe once. If they don't learn their lesson, and they've gotten to what you say is homicidal, which to me leads me to believe it's happened quite a few times? AUDIENCE Every new person? (laughter) I would say consider one, in the society they're playing in, there is probably some sort of peacekeeping or law-keeping group, whether it be guards, or even bounty hunters that can be sent out to hunt down the person, because it's not a CSI episode, there are people with magical capabilities. They can scry and find out directly who is responsible, if the person who killed them isn't very careful or has some way of magically warding that information. Suddenly that player has much more powerful NPCs hunting them down, trying to arrest or kill that player character, which leads to a really, really cool story arc in its own right. If they end up not being careful going forward or learning their lesson, they might wind up being arrested and/or killed by the bounty hunter, which is a great lesson to the rest of the players. Or they could repent at the last minute and then have to do community service, because here's the thing. All those hardcore hackers, that have done-- (laughter) There's that too. But there are the people who are big hackers, that hack into the government and as such, as opposed to being put in prison for years, they were offered a position. Maybe if they can be arrested, and then have the head of the town be like, "I'll absolve you of these murders-- that you will never do again or I will kill you-- if you go ahead and do this task for me, since you seem so skilled at killing individuals." There's a bunch of different ways you can do that. These are some ideas to let you play with for a while. AUDIENCE You're welcome! Thank you. I can't tell if she's thinking or if she's coming over to beat you up. (laughter) Thank you for the question! Praise the sun. Yes. You, sir! AUDIENCE Hello. AUDIENCE Those are great. AUDIENCE I already know the question you're going to ask, and I've answered it 7,000 times on Twitter. The reason for the change I made to that, what you're referring to, which is the Quivering Palm technique-- AUDIENCE For that particular ability, Groon was teaching a lesson, and testing them, as opposed to trying to outright destroy them. It was more about the fear of not knowing what was going to happen, so I scaled back the ability, because it versus a player-- That technique is designed, in theory, to be more player used against creatures. For an NPC to use it against a player, it's pretty harsh. The intent is to have someone's heart explode, that's the idea behind the technique. For the purpose of that particular fight with Earthbreaker Groon, that would have been a little harsh, I think. Especially when his focus of his aggression and testing was against Grog. It could go either way, but that was my decision for that fight, but don't worry, there are plenty of other, not so-- AUDIENCE Oh, it's all good. I'm glad I could clarify for you. AUDIENCE We shall see. Syngorn currently is not on this plane of existence. We'll see. Hey, it's all been considered and-- They've only met her once, and they did actually, it was one of those "Hi, Dad. Oh, is this who you think is our new mother?" It's true. I wouldn't be surprised if it came up. Don't worry, for all you monk users out there, there are plenty of other individuals that are trained in the martial arts in the universe that are a little less inclined to hold back. I'm really excited for you to try and shoot one. Not in the face, no. I'm amazed I remember your name. I don't remember my own name half of the time. I went to high school with this guy, by the way! (applause) Thank you. By the way, Popular Arts Club was our wonderful, our PC club title for anime and video games club. Popular Arts Club, where all the kids go and enjoy the arts that are popular in the modern day. Come play Street Fighter. AUDIENCE It's always something to keep in mind for it. The only person that's solely responsible for that would be myself giving out too many items or too much experience points, and I have a system based on the encounters and the size of the party. It works out pretty well. They've been evenly levelling up, but that means I have got to make the challenges harder and the creatures more deadly. I tend to alter a lot of the creatures in the Monster Manual, and customize them for my own uses. That involves giving them not just a little more hit points, because you don't want to make creatures harder by making them longer to fight; that's not as much fun. That involves increasing the damage a lot of their techniques do, that involves giving them new abilities that aren't in the Monster Manual that can hit multiple guys at once, or cause more conditional effects on them that will mess up the battle and make it more interesting, or setting up battlefield scenarios that introduce more dangers outside of the creatures and up the ante. It's always a balance as you learn, and this is my first campaign with 5th Edition systems, so even I've had my growing pains with it going forward, but I'm pretty comfortable that if I start feeling that becomes a serious issue, I'll have ways to counteract this. That wasn't even part of the battle. Good to see you! AUDIENCE That was a nice little meeting. AUDIENCE What level is the druid? AUDIENCE How do we want to punish this druid? AUDIENCE That's pretty cool. Here's a fun little tool. There are a number of creatures in the Monster Manual, or creatures you can create, that don't really have damage values to their attacks. Some of them just bring players to zero, like banshees, or other such creatures that have capabilities that no matter how powerful you are, no matter how many allies they have, they make the incorrect saving throw, (thump). There's also abyssal- and devil-based creatures that don't kill, but they capture and enslave. So there's always that possible part of the campaign where the player now has to spend some time in servitude in one of the many layers of the Nine Hells. There is that. You know what? Yeah. Go ahead and see if there's any denizens of the abyss that look interesting to use. AUDIENCE Pretty much any advice we would give is already on that site. It's heavily, heavily detailed. Go to iwanttobeavoiceactor.com. I would be a grapefruit because it looks delicious, then it's surprisingly sour and not enjoyable unless you're over the age of 70. Or you're Laura. Damn it! AUDIENCE I don't know, maybe. Now you know how that feels. I love it. All of them, Travis more than anybody, would come to me and be like, "What did that mean when that happened in the game?" I'd be like, "I don't know." AUDIENCE Right. Most of them the internet has picked up. You guys are a pretty sharp crowd, so everything is pretty much squeezed through. I was surprised people picked up on that. I was looking for cool dragons that had a good sound to it. I started looking into ancient Norse, Nidhogg style. I saw what the translation for Thursday was, and it wasn't exactly Thordak, but it sounded like it. So I decided to throw it in there because I thought it would be a fun little joke to myself, and when people picked up on it I was like, "Oh my god! I love you guys so much for finding that!" I can't think of anything else.