Good, how are you? My week was crazy. I'm looking forward-- Yeah, not backward, but that direction. No. Yeah. Hi. Yeah, roll the opening for the opening. That's true. You were able to head that one off at the pass. Don't look at me! I'm not allowed to drink during any of the games. No. I have way too much to concentrate on every time we do an episode. I can't drink. What I like about Brian, is Brian is brave enough, and bold enough, to bring the french horns back for the holiday season. (cheering) Now you're a size hero. (laughter) Sorry. Please tell me that's on your business card "Brian Wayne Foster. Shady." I thought we were talking about Knock Knock. Let's. Please. Open presents. Please. Whoa! That's really fucking nuts. His brother and him also made donations to the Prescott chapter of Big Brothers Big Sisters. That's a tough-looking bear. Thank you, James. That's really cool! They're little ornaments! Oh my god! They're ornaments. Thank you! That is amazing. Awesome! (laughter) We haven't opened it yet! You have to open the mayo. I have a really cool letter here from Thomas Dunwoody, who writes about how we helped him through his deployment and missing his friends and family, the show helped him get through that and he looks forward to hopefully meeting us at a Denver Comic Con sometime. As soon as he can find the list of everyone's favorite charities he promises to pledge $50 to each of them. Thank you. If you do a search for the Critter's guide to Critmas on the Geek and Sundry website or do a Google search for Critter's guide to Critmas. You can find all our charities on there to support for this season. That is awesome! Thank you so much. Yep. This is a good tradition. Yeah, exactly! That's why I handed it to her. You win. I'm sorry. I like how you're still German for no reason. But they originated in Germany, so you were right. I already see pentagrams, so I can hope it's to finally summon my patron. Oh, your guys' favorite! Hourglasses! (laughs) That's so cool! Oh, it looks like it's a dark brown sand, too. It's got dragon heads pointing upwards. It's soul sand, from Minecraft. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. There's another one? I actually have a really amazing letter here from Jade Rose from the UK, who is currently in New York City for the last few days of the holiday. Really, this sweet letter I've read most of it, I'm going to read the rest later on. Thank you so much. It's really sweet. Thank you for it. That's so cool. Oh my god! I have a letter here Taliesin gave me earlier. Whoa! TL; DR. "Dear Matt Congratulations on your engagement and another successful year on Critical Role. Please accept this gift as a patronage for your outstanding work on the show and your gracious love towards the community. Much love, Shepherd. Enclosed in this box you will not only find a generous donation to First Book--? by the way, Shepherd donated 250 dollars to First Book in our name. Thank you so much. "But a sea ghost skeletonized mechanical watch." What? What?! Are you kidding me? Look at that shit! That's amazing! Holy shit. No! Me only. That is so amazing. That goes on my arm right now. That?s pretty cute. I just read the letter from Jani Malkki over in Finland. Thank you so much. This is really sweet. Okay, so this dice set is actually Reya's first dice set they ever had. That's really sweet. Thank you so much. I love this. Amanda, your Kima cosplay is amazing. Thank you, @dutchcritter. Your Gilmore-themed leather bag based off of your paladin's LARP tabard is awesome! And I like your little note at the back here. I think it's very true, so thank you so much. That's really sweet. Thanks, L! Yes! Which I still have in my office. Here, Marisha, you open it. Steve and Megan! Thank you! Iroh. Uncle Iroh. That's so cool! Nice! These minis are amazing! Liam, look at that. Show it to the camera! Finally! True accurate to the game! These should go back in the box so they don't get damaged. I have a present here from Rob? It just says "From Rob." Thank you, Rob! I think this may have been from one of the letters we read earlier. It is a dungeon furniture pack. It's a bunch of cool mini furniture bits and pieces. Oh, that's so cool! That's so cool! "Dear Matt and Marisha, congratulations on your engagement. I'm so happy for you two. Wish you both all the love and happiness in the world. May all your dice rolls be natural 20s." Maybe hers. Mine, too. "My husband and I geeked out at our wedding. Our rings had a set of dice on them, engraved with a d4, d6, d8, d10, d12, and d20 in a simple titanium band," which is pretty rad. "We love doing geeky things together, so we had a geeky day and we loved it. Enjoy your very own special day." From Aniske, or @LadyNiske on Twitter. Thank you so much! That's so sweet! Guys, look at this list of people that contributed to this. I often do. That is fantastic. Yeah, we are. I've got a letter here, it says, "Hi Matt, I just wanted to write to you and say thank you for doing such a great job dungeon mastering Critical Role. I wanted to send you something, but I felt the best thing I could do-- " I know, trust me, "is send you these three dice. As you can see, they've seen better days, but I started playing Dungeons & Dragons back in 1980, with basic D&D, so they've seen a lot of use, and the other three are missing somewhere in some dark dungeon. They're older than you, and I hope you'll get some joy from this oldtimer's first dice. Thank you for making my hobby so loved, from David Carter," who has-- oh! Legit original, when you had to fill the numbers by scratching in the crayon dice! Let me tell you, these have seen some rolling because when these first came out of the box, they were jagged as shit. They were pointed and could take out your flesh. That is awesome! This is old school d10, d12, and d6-- oh, dude. The d4s were caltrops. Straight up, you could throw them behind you and evade. Yeah, it was amazing. That's so cool! David, thank you so much! These are actually going to go onto my personal onscreen use set. Thank you. (laughs) Who's up next? That's awesome! That is some awesome crossover. Yeah, they have a continuation of it here as well, which is awesome. Right now, it looks like Travis had to find the bathroom and had an empty bottle. Almost. Missing Liam's. That is awesome. Thank you so much! I have to try a peanut butter bear. It needs to happen. What I thought when I came in tonight-- what we were missing for Critmas, it was more Nelly Furtado. I noticed. That's awesome! There's a lot of porn in there. All righty. Having torn through Critmas-- Every year, you'll get another piece until eventually you can assemble it into your own GoPro. Oh, no way! This is from Matthew Ravensbergen. I will not read this on stream because it says "do not read on stream," but thank you very much for the letter, and I will read this off stream, Matthew. Good strong name. Thank you Post Office! You've been gracious-- (laughing) "Someone will be punished for this." No. No! If I could say something real fast? Yeah, well doesn't it always? No, I got what I came in here for, guys. I'm out. I'd be okay with it. Well, no, a universal year-wrap-up here. We're going towards the end of our second year doing this craziness on stream and our four years playing this game-- plus now. And it's-- (sighs) I don't know, it's invigorating, it's delightful, and this is a perfect example of the amazing generosity that this community continuously perpetuates and helps support each other with. And us. We have the pleasure of being able to do this every week and have people care that aren't just us, and that's really cool. We constantly get letters and emails from a lot of people in this community saying how much this means to them, and I want to reiterate on that part. We're so glad, because it means so much to us, and it means so much that other people care about it as much as we do-- and I'm partially rambling now, but I'm really humbled and touched and proud. Proud of everything that you guys have done. We're such a small part of this now. This is so much bigger than anything we ever did or now do on this show, and that's what you guys continue to carry and make your own adventures, your own heroes, your own community support structures, and continue to make the world a better place through inspiration and storytelling and being good people. I think I speak for all of us when I say that we're extremely grateful and thankful and humbled by all of what you guys continue to put out there. And thank you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart and our hearts. Are we going to cry? Forever? I was hoping it was going to be set to AC/DC's "Thunderstruck" but-- Thank you for having us.