Hi. Wow, this is surreal. I also like the very intimate, casual lounge space here we get to share. Just here in my den. Thanks for coming, guys. I don't have my smoking jacket! I wasn't prepared, unfortunately. Next time. First off, thank you all for coming to my panel. This is amazing! You guys all are amazing people. (cheering) I like that. Anyway, my name is Matthew Mercer. I am a voice actor from Los Angeles, California. I've been into D&D, tabletop gaming, and all sorts of crazy nerd things for the majority of my life. I owe most of my interest in the performing arts from getting into role-playing games at a very young, first year in high school, 14-year old age, and I've been playing ever since. Thanks to tabletop games, I've found the majority of my closest friends through the years, I've discovered more confidence in myself, I've been able to fine-tune critical thinking skills, I've been able to emotionally empathize in ways that I probably wouldn't have otherwise. I owe a lot to role-playing games, and I think a lot of people here can probably say a similar thing, based on the conversations I've had with a lot of you through this weekend, and other events as well. It means a lot to me, and the fact that we've been able to begin doing our game on the internet in a very scary time when we were like, "No one's going to watch this at all!" and have this incredible community that sprung up around us and so many other great live play casts, and the gaming community in general. It's been a huge inspiration and honor, perpetually humbling, and occasionally stressful. I don't want to spend too much time talking off the top of my head. I want to get questions from you guys, but first and foremost, just a raise of hand here who hasn't watched any of Critical Role before you came to this panel today? Apologies for being very confused, as you may have been already, and will continue to be for the rest of this panel. If you haven't picked up on what it is yet, it is a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sitting around and playing Dungeons & Dragons. (cheering) She and Felicia Day were having a conversation about the campaign, and Felicia basically said, "Why don't you bring this on our channel, Geek & Sundry?" We discussed that at length and thought that would be a terrible idea because there was no format for it. Every time we went into a meeting with them, they'd be like, "You know, well, what if--" and we'd be meeting with certain people on the production team that didn't really understand tabletop games as much, and they'd be like, "Well, you play your game, and you roleplay, and then when you go to the boss fight, you jump over to play the video game version of D&D and you fight it in the game," and I'm like, "No. That's not how this works." It wasn't until Twitch began to emerge as a format that we had a conversation. I was like, "Is there a possibility that we can set up cameras in the room and not change anything? We just want to keep playing our game. You can put cameras there, and we'll get used to it, and we'll go as we have been. Is that okay? Can you do that?" And they said, "We can probably do that." And that's how the show started. We began streaming with their Twitch channel, and we had, still at the time, a surprising number of people. We had a few hundred people, I think, almost a thousand at one point, watching the first episode. I'm like, "That's crazy! We'll never hit that number again!" (laughter) Live. As that number began to climb right before we started the new season, we're all sitting there at the table as they're counting down, "Five minutes to air!" and we're all going, "What's happening?!" It's been a very surreal ride. It's been strange, and stressful, and incredible. It's changed my life in so many wonderful ways, partially just for being able to express ourselves in a very honest light. In this industry, in the entertainment industry, there's very much a drive for an expectation that as a performer, as a face of the industry whether it be small or on a larger scale, to create a persona for yourself, to present yourself in a professional way, and only act this certain way, and it feels very sterile and removed and not true. This show, this campaign, has enabled us to be ourselves and be friends. It's a very scary endeavor, and we were worried, and there are, of course, people on the internet that still get angry. We get our fair share of hate mail, but that comes with the territory, and that's fine. Ultimately, the majority of the feedback has been so positive from you guys, and the community that sprung around this has far eclipsed what our little show is now. We're happy to be this hub, but seeing all of you and all the people that have come together across the world around our little silly, improvised narrative every week, and then taking that inspiration and taking it to their art, to take it to their ideas, and to their drives and goals, to get their friends or families together, or make new friends and create their own stories, and then we get the chance to meet at a convention like this, and tell each other that. That is so powerful, and incredible, and I have no words to describe the positive impact it's had on my life and the life of my players and my friends, so thank you for that. Sincerely. (cheering) I fucking love you too, man! But enough of the softie shit. We're going to talk about Dungeons & Dragons. Because I pontificated and splurged out onto the stage for you-- That was not the right term to use. Immediate regret. Pulled my heart out, that's better. Let's go ahead and bring us to a Q&A section of this panel, because I want to hear what you guys are curious about, and I want to answer what questions I can, and then laugh at the ones I can't answer, because it's a spoiler. Which, as a note, I do want to preface this, please. If you have any questions about campaigns that may be spoilers to people who are new to the series or aren't caught up, please be careful to be vague, and not spoil those elements. If you do, we'll figure out some sort of horrible, painful, torturing vengeance on you. Please do your best not to spoil that. We have a couple of fantastic mic runners in the audience, so I'm going to try and-- there's a lot of hands. Oh, right over here, we have one on the side! Perfect. Hello! AUDIENCE You mean an archetype, like a general archetype? AUDIENCE Oh man. I mean, Gilmore's a perfect example. (cheering) Thank you for the question! Where's the next one? Oh! Hello! AUDIENCE My favorite-- sorry, I missed the question, there. AUDIENCE Improvised scene. Oh man. I would say in the first campaign, Victor's a great sequence that was improvised. But for me, to really feel like I was kicked off my chair and didn't know where we were going, when the party decided to go to the Fire Elemental Plane to retrieve the Plate of the Dawnmartyr. I had assumed it was going to happen much later and I had barely outlined the City of Brass at that point, and they're like, "Well, let's just go there right now. All right, let's "go!" I'm like, "Okay! Uh, so--" notes, remembering some of the things that I was toying around in my head to develop that I hadn't quite put down yet and just ran with it. The whole arrival to the City of Brass, the encounter with the first two guardians they came across, Senokir was a entirely improvised NPC that I hadn't prepared. That whole sequence of that episode was me going like, "Okay, "let's see where this goes!" But that's also really thrilling to me as a DM, I love those moments. They're scary, and a lot of DMs out there will attest to this. It's a scary thing to be in that space, but it's thrilling. The adrenaline's pumping, and when you're done with that session, you're like, "That was magic!" That's the real magic of running a game, so that definitely stood out to me. In the newer campaign? Oh man, there's been a few choice moments. AUDIENCE People are shouting moments at me. The question was for me! I answer! (laughing) Oh man. I think whenever Fjord goes into his various-- changing his illusory form and then messing with NPCs has been fun. For me, it's been really fun to watch Travis go from a super dumb character to a really intelligent, charismatic one. For me, it's been fun to improvise with him whenever he does things to manipulate and get information out of NPCs, especially as a different persona. Those have been fun. Anyway, I spent a lot of time on this question and I'll get to the next one. It's a good question. MIC It's a good deltoid workout. (laughing) There's some crazy ones in this campaign. For me? It was impactful because the moment was so intense. I ran an Expedition Ravenloft 3.5 game years ago, and towards the end of the campaign, they all were brought to Barovia and all were generally functional people when they first arrived, but as is the nature of Ravenloft, that did not last long. One of the characters, who was the rogue of the group-- he was a professor, an Indiana Jones-type-- used to be a tomb delver who gave it up as he acquired tomb rot that he's been keeping at bay for years. The further they went in, the more corrupt they grew, and in Barovia, the tomb rot began to spread and he began to become a darker entity. The bard, who my friend Jack played, who is this pansexual Vistani, Skald, character that, eventually, his teeth began to sharpen from his physical corruption. Everyone got messed up in that game. But when they defeated-- before they got to Strahd, there was a huge feud going on between the professor rogue and the bard. The bard was trying to tell him why his ideas were too violent and why he needed to calm down, and then the professor character got fed up with it and cut out the bard's tongue. And my players were there for it. They were like, "This is "incredible." Jack, who played the bard, was like, "Seriously? Let's go." So it became this struggle back and forth, and he overpowered him onto the ground and grabbed his tongue and cut it out and his character couldn't talk for the rest of the campaign. It was all gestures. Then when they finally defeated Strahd at the end of the game, "absolving Barovia" of the terrors of Strahd-- Reinhardt was the name of the professor-- Professor Reinhardt took the throne for himself and became the new lord of Barovia with his chained, silent, toady bard, Skald, sitting at the base of the throne. It was very Game of Thrones, it was pretty messed up. Shout out to Sean Manzano who played that rogue, it was awesome. Good question! All right, next one. Oh, ah! MIC What do I feel is the worst part about fifth edition? Let me see. I really like Fifth Edition, I think of all the editions of D&D that have come before, to me, it's the most tailored to my game style. I think it's simplified in a lot of the rules compared to previous editions where it allows the narrative to flow a little better. I would say-- that's an interesting question. The worst part of Fifth Edition is still one of the hard parts about D&D is sometimes, the mechanical rules can get a little fidgety when you get to the fine print, which I get reminded of weekly whenever any of us make a mistake on the stream and Twitter, half an hour later's like, "You did "this wrong!" I look it up and I'm like, "You're right! Good job!" But it does teach me and it does help. Sometimes I'll do research to make rule calls and then there'd be places that confirm it one way and others that confirm it the other and there's a little misinformation there. They're getting better at clarifying that as they go. I would say that's my biggest complaint, there aren't a whole lot. The stealth rules being a little vague are a good and a bad thing. It's good because it's open to interpretation to how you want to run it in your game, it's bad for the same reason because then you have players arguing about what should and should not be done, and there's countless forum threads of people arguing about stealth. They even did a Dragon magazine post on it with Jeremy Crawford discussing essentially what the intended use was and even then, everyone's like, "Peh!" The Internet's going to Internet, I guess. But largely, I think it's a large improvement. I will say I miss that they removed the skill challenge system from Fourth Edition, which is one of the good things that I really like about Fourth Edition. I've brought elements of it in, homebrewing it a bit. But yeah. Thank you. MIC There's a lot of-- Oh, there we go! Thank you. (chuckling) This is a good question. Now, the people hate each other, or the characters? Both? Okay. Well, if you have players at the table that hate each other, that's not good for anybody. One of them will probably have to go, because that's not good. They need to work out their shit! And then bring them back to the table, and if one or the other can't leave, maybe they need to figure their stuff out and find some other players, because otherwise, you're dragging everybody else at the table through their personal muck. That's not healthy, and that's not conducive to a good gaming experience. That's nothing against them individually, but if it's your table and you're the GM and you're putting in all of this time and energy into it, they have to respect that to not let it affect the game. Player characters that hate each other, you have to talk with the players a bit. One, I would hope that the players would be aware enough to not ruin the narrative of the game and the fun of the players just for the sake of what they feel is true to their characters' feelings. There is still a collaborative element of storytelling here. If the player digs their feet in like, "This is what my character would do, and I don't care how it "affects the rest of you!" That's not a really fun player, in my opinion. You can have strong virtues and have conflict and have that temporary hatred if you need it, but you still need to help add to the narrative and keep the story moving. So that player, it's on their responsibility to leave some wiggle room to be open to still allowing the story to go and maybe throttle back a bit on their hatred. As the GM, it helps for you to work with that player to decide why they hate that other character, what the driving force is behind that, and then build a story that might aid them to surmount and overcome that difference. Maybe part of the story and narrative-- if it's a racial frustration between dwarves and elves, the classic, maybe part of the story is them discovering this ancient ruin where dwarves and elves actually live together peacefully. The more they uncover the information, the lore of it, they realize that there was an older society where they worked together very well and actually was a very fantastic society, and their bloodlines came from this and all of a sudden there was a history of it. Or if one of them did something to betray the other person, maybe there's a way in the story down the road that they can make up for that betrayal or prove that it wasn't intentional and that somebody else was framing them for it. It's a little bit of a back-and-forth responsibility if the story calls for that. But, once again, the player has to be willing to help the narrative move forward in spite of it. Otherwise, it's just not fun for anybody at the table. I hope that helps. Next question. Ah! MIC Hi Hailey. Yes, it's scary-- at first. Then it gets a little less scary over time. It never quite goes away. I'm still nervous every week before we go up, but you learn to harness that nervous energy. Don't think that your nerves mean that you're not ready. Use that to your advantage, and when I say that, meaning that natural place of anxious energy comes with its own adrenaline in the moment. What you do is you prepare what you can in advance and that energy will drive you to pull from your preparation. For me? Talk with the players beforehand and make sure you're all on the same page. If they're all close friends-- especially if they're strangers, if they're people you haven't met before, be like, "Hey guys, we're building this story together. This is my gift to you, "please work with me and the story, this is my first time. Be patient and if there's any rules "that I get incorrect, feel free to remind me of what's in there, but don't fight me on it "necessarily, we're all learning this together." A little bit of prep and making sure that everyone's on the same page and understands where you're coming from. As far as your preparation goes, most of it's going to go out the window anyway because that's the nature of running a game. But beyond producing things for your story, I recommend having some note cards or small side prep for random NPCs, things that aren't part of your main narrative you're trying to build. Locations or objects or personalities that may pop up because in that moment where the players, all of a sudden, veer to the right to where you have nothing prepared, you can go, "Oh, well that's where you "run into-- Dave the blacksmith." That little bit of extra prep saves you in those moments where they end up going off the intended rails. It's okay to railroad a party when you're first beginning, too. Don't feel like you have to build an open sandbox and go, "Explore everything for the first time, oh god!" As you get comfortable with it, you'll get better at it, and the players will understand. As long as you're having a good time and everyone's having a good time, you're doing it right. If you get the rules wrong, doesn't matter. If everyone's having fun, you're doing it right. That's my recommendation. MIC There! Lot of hands, I'm like, "Oh god, where'd they go?" MIC (chuckling) Oh, man. Laura was definitely the biggest shift for me to go from this sultry, strong badass of Vex into this boisterous, chaotic entity that is Jester. That really surprised me. I didn't know what she was going to do until we did our first session zero for the campaign and I was like, "What is this going to be?! Oh no! You're the wild card, aren't you?" No, they're all wild cards, I discovered. That surprised me initially with the character choices. As far as their story and things they've done, honestly, Nott's really surprised me, Sam's Nott. Going from this what you think is a silly voice, little goblin girl, oh, she's so crazy! Then it has severe emotional beats and all of this backstory that's slowly pouring out. Nott's really surprised me, too, but all of them have had those moments so far! Once again, it's like picking your children, in a weird way. Some of the characters are more of a slow burn, and I really enjoy that, too, but as far as surprising, those are usually the bigger shifts, so Jester and Nott to me are the more surprising ones definitely, but that doesn't mean I'm not enjoying the other character narratives as much, but yeah, those two probably. Good question. MIC Oh, I see. AUDIENCE I've been doing this for a long time. I try to have general ideas of what the long-term story might be. Very simple, I'll have a page in my notes that just says, "Future story stuff," and it's just bullet points of, "Bullet point maybe one day they'll fight this. Maybe one day they'll "go here. Maybe one day they'll discover a thing." They're super vague and open, and I can always go back to that later when I'm fine-tuning my story and their narrative and what I want to pull in and flesh out. When I'm developing for an immediate session, I consider what the main goal is that's unifying the party, and that's the thing too, you have to come up with a narrative that's going to unify the party. You can do it the easy way and say that they're already conscripted mercenaries and they've already been working together. Or you can be an idiot like me and have them all show up for the first time in a tavern and find a reason for them to come together again. Little harder, but it can be done. But as far as prep goes, don't get caught up in all the details of the macro world. You can come up with vague-- we're in a kingdom and it's either malevolent or benevolent, and then you think of the city or the location where the first story is happening. Then you flesh out some of the important people in your story. You flesh out what their goal is and who they're going to meet along the way to that goal. What challenges they'll uncover, and that involves not just creatures and battles they may have, but also what sort of physical or mental challenges they'll come across that can give each player a chance to shine. That's a big thing about the game is you have a group of players and they all want to have a moment in the spotlight, to feel like they're useful, that they have something to give to the party, which also makes all the other players appreciate that person's character. "Thank God you were here or we'd be in bad spot," that kind of thing. So if you have a rogue in the party, think of some way that their skill set that they chose can be useful that nobody else in the party can really tackle. Or if you have someone who's really charismatic and talky, have a social encounter where they have to extract information in a subtle way, that nobody else in the party can do. So consider what they players' strengths are. Give them each a moment in the spotlight, some simple NPCs that might be part of the story, the encounters they might come across, and that's all you need for your first game. That's really all you need. The rest of it you can improvise on the spot. Keep it simple. As long as those players have that clear goal in mind, they'll guide the story. Once you have that established, it will be much easier for you to flesh out the gaps in between. Once you get to the part where that little town or that little section of the world where they've been playing in for a game of two has been set, you can begin to expand to where the roads might go from there. Is there another town 20 miles north? Is there a passage of mountains that leads to a dwarven citadel that's gone dark for a year or so? Does it lead to a shoreline where there are mermaids? Those are things you get to think of as you expand. Don't feel like you have to flesh it all out at once, in my opinion. Good question. MIC Somewhere back there, hi. Oh I see! Making you work for it, sorry. AUDIENCE What would I be, or what would I want to be? Or both? AUDIENCE What I would be? Probably like a human or half-elf bard. I mean, that's... (cheering) That used to be a real thing in Second Ed. Everyone's like, "You put points in charisma? "You're so dumb." I'm like, with this DM, yes, but in the future! (laughs) In the future it will come in handy. We'll actually talk to people in other campaigns. So yeah. Probably bard, because I'm not good at fighting. I trip trying to get my teeth brushed. (laughter) All right. There we are. Hello! Yeah, you won! Congratulations, man! (cheering) Thank you. The inspiration for writing the book was people asking me to write the book. (laughter) Really? And so when we began talking with Green Ronin about publishing it, I was like, okay. All right. I'll put out a layout and oh, I have to make all of this legible now, don't I? (laughter) And the book was one of them. And it was the scariest thing, because one, I've never made a book before. That was new. And now I have! (cheering) What if I'm like, "I made a book," and they're like, "Burn it!" I'm like (scared noise). So I was genuinely very scared. I was very nervous about it going out there, because it was my first time and because I didn't know if it was going to be any good, so I was very happy that people seem to like it. (cheering) You push me to be better. MIC Oh, haha. MIC Hello. Oh. I made a book. (laughter) So you have to find those back roads by meeting people, putting your work out there, and showing what you can do, and prove and show to somebody that you actually have what it takes. You have the moxie, kid, that kind of a thing. But now we have so many more resources online for self-publishing then there ever was. It's a great time to start putting your stuff out there. The key is to make sure that you can get it to the community, because it can also get lost in the sea of self-published stuff. So, honestly, reaching out to a lot of those publishers, showing them what you've done, and then once you have a rapport, it will be much easier for you to get it to one of these publishers anything you want to do. It's going to be hard to publish your own original setting as an initial thing, unless you're Kickstarting it, and you have a lot of followers ready to go ahead and get behind that. So you want to kind of build up that rapport with a publisher, doing stuff for them, and then you can kind of delve into your own, whole projects. That's my suggestion. No worries. MIC Haha. Hi. I get excited whenever I find you guys. It's like my own little Where's Waldo game. (laughter) AUDIENCE What kind of style of game do you like? Do like super high fantasy? Do you like gothic horror? Do you like more intrigue and mystique? What kind of story do you want to tell? That is a-- although, any of them can be that genre. (laughter) Curse of Strahd. (laughter and cheering) Ahaha. There we go. MIC Hi, Alexis. Favorite character line from Pillars of Eternity? Oh man. There's a conversation between Sagani and Eder that's amazing. For those who haven't played Pillars of Eternity or Pillars of Eternity II, first off, great game series. I backed the original on Kickstarter before I was even cast in it, which was very surreal. I grew up playing Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment, the classic isometric RPGs of the PC realm of the 2000's, so as soon as they began doing Pillars of Eternity, I was like, take my money, (nyuh). (laughter) But it's a great story, and I play two characters in there. I play Eder and Aloth. Aloth is this "Elven mage persona who's a bit nervous and just wants to cast his spells, who has another "soul within his body, who is named Iselmyr, who's this 'Old sort of Scottish angry lass, who beats face.'" (laughter) He loves animals. And there's this conversation with Sagani, who's this dwarf ranger, who has this awesome fox companion, where he's walking and says, "Hey, Sagani, can I pet your fox?" (laughter) And then later on, as you're playing through, another conversation happens comes up and she goes, "Eder, how's the hand?" He goes, "Turning purple." (laughter) That's my favorite Eder line. MIC Which, if you don't know, Pillars of Eternity II. Not only are the whole cast of Critical Role voicing a lot of the companions and main characters in the story, but there's a free DLC for the game where you get to download voice sets and portraits of Vox Machina from our first campaign, and make them in the game-- (cheering) Oh, look at that. Convenient. Hi. It's kind of the other way around (chuckle). (laughter) That voice stemmed from a cartoon that I worked on, where they wanted a character voice that sounded kind of like a very happy, lackadaisical kind of good old Minnesota type boy. And I kind of, (Pumat voice) "Kind of sort of just came up with this guy." (cheering) "Respectfully." (laughter and cheering) Oh, here we go! Thank you. AUDIENCE I mean it's hard not to draw from Tolkien because I grew up loving the Lord of the Rings books so much. They influence so much to what the genre of fantasy is and I grew up as a fantasy kid. I like Star Wars, but while all my friends were Star Wars kids, I was a Tolkien kid. They were like, "Let's watch Star Wars for the seventh time," and I'm like, "That's cool. I'm going to read Two Towers for the seventh time." I'm going to play my MUD for an entire summer. If anyone here who knows what a MUD is? (cheering) That was surreal. I got in a Twitter conversation with Amanda Palmer, his wife, because I've been a fan of hers since Dresden Dolls in the mid-2000s and after a brief conversation she's like, "What's your address?" and she found out we were getting married and mailed us a leather bound special edition of Stardust signed by both of them and that will be in my family forever. He's great. In the comics realm, Brian Michael Bendis is great writing. He left Marvel (fake crying). I get it. I read a lot of Piers Anthony growing up. I really loved Piers Anthony when I was a kid and as I got older, looking back on it it doesn't hold up. There's a lot of sexist things in there I didn't understand as a kid, that I'm like, "Aw, buddy." This didn't age well, but that happens, I guess. Asimov, Arthur C. Clarke, some great sci-fi authors of the 60s and 70s. I actually really enjoyed the Myst books that came out based on the Myst game. (cheering) Thank you. MIC Good question. I tend to be drawn towards spell casters because I like the utility of options. I don't go for the high damage, the max DPS. I want to be useful for the party and so I often fall into clerics or wizard roles and pick spells that are more utility. In fact, Caleb in our later campaign is starting to go in a similar utility route and I'm like, "Yeah, buddy, yeah!" I think, in spite of that, one of the characters I had the most fun playing because I played spell casters my whole D&D life, which I DMed for the most of it, so players have a druid, a cleric, and a few wizards. For my friend Sean, who played that rogue who cut out the tongue earlier, he was DMing a Fourth Edition campaign when it came out and I was like, Fine, you know what? I'm going to try a martial class, I'm going to make a fighter, a dwarf fighter. Just to give it a shot. God, he was so much fun. I used to make fun of fighters, I was like, "Fighters aren't fun; all they do is attack." But oh man, so much freedom in how you get to describe those attacks. It was so much fun to be ridiculous. Your turn comes around. "All right, as I sit there heaving angrily, staring "with my one good eye into the face of the orc I say (spitting), 'Come on, sir, let's see who 'topples first! Hehehe!' As I run up the front of his body and cleave my axe into his shoulder. As I "flip over the back I try and wrestle it from the side of his arm, kick him behind and as he falls "to the ground I turn back and go, 'Ha ha, got you.'" All it was was two attacks, but it was so much fun to get into it. As a person who grew up watching martial arts movies and mixed martial arts and a lot of old school kung fu films, it's really fun to be able to, in your mind, choreograph these fight scenes and martial classes allow that flexibility that I really love. So I've probably had the most fun with my fighter than I thought I would and he became an NPC in Tal'Dorei, he's actually a member of the Brawler's Guild who was first the manager of Vox Machina pre-stream. He's in the campaign guide. Kradin Grimthorne, that was my dwarf fighter. MIC Hi Jordan. That's a good question. What I usually do is give them a primer for the world they are going to be playing in. It can be detailed, it can be vague. Now I do, at least. With a one-shot campaign, I'm like, Make whatever and I'll incorporate into the story; it wasn't meant to be a campaign. But for this campaign I sent them an email that had some primers on the Dwendalian Empire, the tension at the Xhorhas border, some information about the general infrastructure of the Menagerie Coast, and that was all. I said, TThis is some information of the world your characters would have known no matter where they came from. Which gave them some guidance to where they wanted to come from, that way it allowed for Jester and Fjord to say they came from the Menagerie Coast. It allowed the other characters to decide if they were from the Empire and what cities they may have been near. They made up cities in their background that I incorporated into the map, because beyond that, I didn't have any input. I let them create their backstory and when they sent their backstory to me, if there's any part of their backstory that didn't quite fit with the way I was building the world, I would find a way to tie it in. For instance, this is a complete example, if their backstory was "I was born from a noble that lived in a golden tower and summoned dragons." I'd be like, "What if that was what the noble wanted to do, but couldn't do yet?" We would scale anything that went too far, but didn't really need to do a lot. It was more of just me offering the backdrop, they give me the backstory, and I take that backstory and tie it in to some of my more detailed world buildings so they felt like what they created locked in and became part of the breathing world and then we took it from there. I want it to be a collaborative thing, I want it to feel like the players have had input on the world we're creating. It helps them feel more invested, if ever they get the opportunity to tie into parts of their backstory, or when elements of their back history come into play or are threatened, they have a personal stake in it. Nothing gets a player more motivated than finding out their hometown is suddenly under threat. That's a great gift for a DM to eventually drive the story forward and get the players invested. That's my suggestion. Thank you. (cheering and applause) (laughing) Hmm. Aww. You guys are so sweet. But no, thank you guys for sitting here staring at me while we talked Dungeons & Dragons into your face. In fact, that's a thing that could happen, that exists and you guys are cool with it and you didn't leave en masse at the beginning of this panel means that the world is changing for the better! (cheering) I love you too, guys. (cheering)