It's working now? All right! MATT and Hello everyone! Random impromptu road trip chaos! The California hills that hate driving and phone, apparently. I don't know. I wasn't bored. She was bored. Yeah. It's a really pretty drive when it's during the day. All the pretty stuff we'd get-- At times and places. East coast, best coast other times and places. (silly groaning) (singing) Sweet charity! (music) (singing) Poison from a cup of gold, your gift keeps on giving (singing) And giving! Yeah, it is Mister Bungle. (singing) Perfect photographs on Everest days and postcard nights. Police reported ahead. Traffic's not too bad so far. That's not true. It's been expected for the day before Thanksgiving. There's been that. You're just going to-- actual drive is. Yeah. (Strongbad voice) Driving on the wrong way. You are! You're terrible. Everyone else doing good? Everyone else enjoying their pre-Thanksgiving chaos, hopefully out of work early? Heck yeah. Yeah. For some people, that's the perfect escape. I couldn't function like that for a long time, but heck man, some people are just done with inner city life. You're like waking up and this is outside your window. That makes sense to me. It depends on where you are in your life, too. In the later years, you might enjoy it more, I don't know. Anyway. I have not seen the Civil War trailer yet. I have not had time. I want to. I probably will tonight, I guess, when we get there. For those who haven't seen the awesome gif that went up today of Marisha dropping her pencil during last game. It was one of my favorite gifs of the internet. Well done, Critical Role-- That was Pogo, yeah. Think he's Australian, he's a very young guy. He made a whole album of songs mixed from audio clips and beats and stuff mixed together from the original Disney Alice in Wonderland. It's awesome. His Skyrim mix is awesome. I'm seeing a bunch of questions. [music with heavy drum beat] Marisha learns eventually to Periscope properly. No. I know. I should go to the Skyrim one. All different sound effects and character sounds. (singing) It's yours for a day. ♪ Take it. ♪ (singing) As the Dovahs do. The clouds are crazy! This is so crazy we're getting weather in southern California! I love weather so much, and we never see any weather down here. ♪ As the Dovahs do. Staying out of trouble. You stand and hide. The mill here. Just as the ♪ Greybeards. As the Dovahs do. ♪ (music continues) No, unfortunately, no, not yet. Technically, you can't say anything. No, I was not in Skyrim, made me sad. I want to get in a big Elder Scrolls franchise at some point. My friend, Michael Gough, who you guys would know him as the voice of Deckard Cain in Diablo, as well as a bunch of other things, he's one of the main Norn-- not Norn. Fucking. The-- The Norse folk in Elder Scrolls. My brain's not working right now. You hear in that one, "It's yours for a day," that sort of hint of a Norwegian he keeps around for all his characters for this franchise. He's all over Skyrim. I based a lot of my "Norwegian dialect" off of him. Nords, thank you! I was like, "Norn, nords, too many variations." You're awesome. He's all over this song, so I got to send him the MP3 of this song and he was like, "Wait, "what?! There's a song with my voice from Skyrim?!" He was really excited about that. It's so crazy! These clouds are awesome! Yay! Foam makes best companion. Travels light. It's absorbent. One does not simply drive into Mordor. Not with 10,000 men could you do this. It is sheer folly. I think they cut that scene out of the movie. That I've never met. I get to show you Port Simpson, which you haven't been to. (singing) --and here I am, the only living boy in New York. (spoken) Easier when they're Simon and Garfunkel songs. This is really cool. Pitch black. We drove into some Stephen King novel. That'd be bad. (evil laugh) Yes, it did! (evil laugh) (deep voice) Welcome to Bakersfield! Bakersfield and Fresno both as ominous as this looks right now, by the way, for those who haven't been there.