I was told that we are supposed to eat the mic for the purposes of this. AUDIENCE I love you too! It's important. We should have a talk. Apparently. It's technically Poppy Mercer, but we're not going to-- Oh no. Be patient! VOICE (evil laugh) We now have dice up here. That means games of chance are possible. Or I'll eat them... keep them away from me. They look tasty. They look really sparkly. Yes, this is true. Thank you for the dice! We're just patiently waiting for the rest of the folks to sit in. It's true. Well, you still have technically six minutes until the panel starts, so-- You get to reroll the ones, though. Respectable. It's pretty average. Numerically! Okay, there you go. Yes, you ready? TALIESIN, MARISHA, and Oh no, now you're all just anonymous shades. This panel just got really creepy from our perspective, and I like it. It feels like we're being judged. It's like the ghosts of our ancestors judging us in the final moments. Right, anyway, sorry, this is your panel. You are, of course, Taliesin Jaffe, our fantastic moderator. Hi, I'm Matt. (laughter) All right. So you are? Happy to be here. Okay, prepare for a voice acting role. I would recommend reading the lines for the audition. Yeah. Sorry. We can work out classes, Brian. No, I mean, and I've emphasized this at other panels before, voice acting is 90 percent acting, ten percent voice. And so, for preparation, not just for the industry in general, but for any sort of character role that comes your way, is prepare it like you would any character. You want to read the dialogue, get a feel for the personality, take whatever information is given to you about that character and then extrapolate from that to help flesh them out. A lot of times, you get, "He's 25 to 35, parents died in a fire, uses a machine gun." Yeah. Japan's really into their blood types and America's really into their "Have a beer with." At least my first thing would be to make sure that you take the time to try and create a character that feels fleshed out to you and don't feel too beholden to what little information you have there. Just find something that you feel is honest in the performance. "And the back row--" Brian, how do you prepare for a voiceover role? Yes! Yeah. I've been requested to go and audition on roles, and I've told them in the room, "I mean thanks, but you should really get Taliesin in for this." We were all waiting! You mentioned hearing voice matches of Laura Bailey. I remember when they did the live action Resident Evil movie that had Leon in it, because apparently the actor that played him had a French accent, so they wanted someone to dub his lines and sound like Leon, so they sent out an audition to try and match the sounds, and the audio clip was me. I was the reference. And I didn't book it. I'm genuinely really curious to meet whoever it was that did a better me than me. I haven't found him yet, but one day. I hope that helped you learn some tips and tricks about voice over! These title cards are more eloquent than any of us right now. Flight long. Thank you. Who wants to jump off on that one? Well it-- To work the entertainment industry, and be a somewhat sane human being means you're a professional harbinger of impostor syndrome. It is a perpetual process, and in a weird way it's kind of healthy. Four of them are in the parking lot with knives right now! Now, on a legitimate point too, it is a job, especially for voice-over, that is built on perpetual rejection. It is a career that, you do the work before it's decided whether or not you're paid for it. To play off what you were saying before, it's working, you're doing your two weeks at your job and you have to re-interview every two weeks for your paycheck after doing the work. And so it has to be a passion. You have to do it, not to make an extravagant living, because we'll all profess, that's not going to happen usually, you might be able to get by if you work really hard, but each of us has spent countless years in squalor trying to make something like this happen. You have to be able to push through the rejection, do it for the art of it, do it for the love of it, and maintain being a good person. Because voice-over, more than any other form of entertainment, does not really allow for douchebags to persevere. I would not quote that. That's the yearbook quote from the panel to take home with you guys. The answer to that question is we eat douchebags for breakfast. Right, the tail end of high school. Oh, it sucked! To put it into context here, I wasn't considering pursuing voice-over when I was in high school, I was just getting into theater heavily and I was enjoying the performing aspect of it, but I was going to go into animation, I grew up watching and loving cartoons and I wanted to be an illustrator, an animator. And right as I was getting to the end of my high school years I realized, "I-- no-- scary. I don't want to--" That was not something I was as passionate about as I thought I was, and that also requires passion in the face of rejection. I had an opportunity through a strange connection to do background voices in one series. When I say background voices I don't mean you got to be a side character, this was like, "Guy's head who explodes number seven," or "Guy whose car gets stolen and goes 'No!'" That kind of thing. That was the Mag 8, that was for the Fist of the North Star animated series. I got to be one of those guys whose head exploded. But it was just enough of a taste for me to go, "Oh. Okay, this is a thing, and maybe this connection will help me." Didn't at all. But it was enough of a taste to really let me start focusing on that. A lot of my time after that was just thinking, well, what can I do to maybe someday pursue this? I began to continue doing theater, taking classes, learning, trying to just better myself, and then it wasn't until eight years later, back in about 2008 or so, that I finally quit my job, and was like, let me take this full on, and fail. Or succeed. You know, I prefer not to live with regret, I think regret's a terrible thing, and I'd rather fail and know that I tried and move on to the next endeavor, than spend the rest of my life going, "What if?" Oh, it was really scary! I downsized my entire life. I had to go down to this tiny studio apartment, and Marisha saw it, when we first met, I had a kitch. The Sisterhood of the Travelling Box. That's what it has become. It was doing temp work and odd jobs off Craigslist, and whatever I could to try and pay the bills, working as a barista at a Barnes & Noble cafe for a long time, working in warehouses stocking shelves, whatever I could do to allow me the time to continue to pursue this. It took a lot of years of busting my ass and trying to make it happen and slowly getting traction. But it wasn't an easy climb. Thank you. I think it's great that I can distinctly sense the type of laughter that is evoked by Brian Foster. (laughter) For some people, but not really for us I don't think. Or conversely, "You can't play this because you're a woman." "You can't do this job as good because you're a woman." You just keep pushing until eventually they don't have an answer for it. Before you stab someone, yeah. This is before drinking, guys. You didn't have a chance to, you were thrust into the industry as a child. Taliesin, tell the Baywatch story. It's like touching the burner of your stove. "Oh yeah, that hurts." No. I reject this notion. (fake sobbing) (laughter) It's just water! Why is it just water?! If it gets bad, just clap loudly towards us. (cheering) Taser works, that's good. Little extreme, but functional. I mean, as far as just personal life and stuff, friends, family. The family we have and the family we choose, that makes a really, really big difference. Especially in our city-- Yeah, those are the biggest points of inspiration keeping us together and not going crazy in this crazy world. Gets crazier every day. As far as career stuff, what other inspirations do you guys pull from? What other people or what other types of art do you draw from? Papa savage. Brian? For me, storytelling is very important. On a basic scale, when you consider both the classic tribal elders around the fire telling stories and myths to the young, we as a people, as a species, thrive on being inspired by stories from those that came before us, and that's been as long as we've had speech. As each generation, every epoch comes by, that transitions into media that we have nowadays, storytelling is even more important, because that's what inspires us to want to create, to make the world better, to make ourselves better, to see a character in a story or a TV series or a video game that we aspire to be more like and make adjustments in our life to try and be more like that character, to feel more fulfilled and ultimately a better person. I found a lot of that inspiration through, and it sounds so hackneyed because of what we're here for partially, Dungeons & Dragons and role playing games were such an inspiration to me because it gave me a safe space to discover myself, and a safe space to step into the shoes of people who weren't like me. That I could create or come to understand different experiences and perspectives. Through our show, what we're seeing now is this resurgence of tabletop gaming. It's one of the few forms of media that people can be inspired by and then turn around the next day and go create themselves. That, to me, is incredible. I think it's amazing. If anything from what our game has done, or our stream, show, whatever you want to call it, our game, is seeing so many of you guys go out there and create your own adventures, and send us pictures of your game groups, and tell us stories of the things that your parties have done. What inspires me to do anything that I do is the hope that whatever art I create inspires other people to create better art in the future. House of Leaves. It's a really good horror book. You should read it if you like horror books. Read it at night with the lights low. Trust me. What's it called? It comes with your car registration. Taliesin, book recommendations? To be fair, we are in the valley. Next question? Ever had a role that we felt uncomfortable and said no to? Taliesin? You're my favorite person. Yeah, as a performer, as an actor, if it's a space that you want to explore because it is outside of your comfort zone, and you want to stretch those muscles, yes. I have had radio spots that I read for, and then didn't realize that the ideologies or the political circumstances behind those pieces I was very fervently against, and then said, "I'm good," and turned those down. There was one video game that I read for, or I didn't read for, I was about to read for. I sent the audition. They didn't send the sides, I was supposed to arrive and get the sides, and it was for a motion capture project. The game ended up being cancelled, thankfully. But I show up to it, they give me the sides for the character, I had a little bit of character background. I start reading through the script, and it was just extremely racist, extremely offensive. I can see what you were going for, Brian. But I felt the methods of delivering those things were a little too ham-fisted, and the point was lost. So I decided to decline and not go through with the audition. You're spending too much time with him. You find that on DM's Guild, I think. Disadvantage on wisdom, intelligence and charisma. Any roles that you've turned down? Says a lot about us. At least we're self-aware. Can't say that we're not that. All right, what's the final question? Came out on Friday, the 26th. Missed the ball with that one, guys. I don't know why, but when you said that I imagined a wonderful game where you don't play as the people being killed in Friday the 13th, you play as the EMT's that come up after the scene and comfort the survivor. Press square to slowly rub their back as you ask them what's wrong. There's a DLC where you can bring like a help dog to come over. That is for free, you can run with it. I'm not going to lie. I'm deriving so much enjoyment from all of the posts in recent weeks about everyone complaining Deadshot is so overpowered in the game. and I'm like (laughter). Learn to zone! I can't say who I'm playing yet. but I can say that I'm in the Star Wars Battlefront 2. I'm really excited about that, a fun character in that one. Let's see what else can I talk about. NDAs is a problem. We all have like four chips in the back of our brains from Warner Bros, Blizzard. They can press the button any time and we're done. It's like a remote Battle Royale scenario; it's pretty intense-- and if you don't know what Battle Royale is watch that movie, it's great. The original Japanese one. The perpetual joy that is Fire Emblem Heroes, which I still play way too much. She's one of the most dangerous arena characters, with the proper inherent skills. Yeah, it's really cool. Before we jump into it, she has notes. (high-pitched) It's high noon! (normal voice) Sorry. Choverwatch. All right. Oh, there's already-- Banish these shadows from the land. No, we are doomed to a thousand more years of darkness, guys, I'm sorry. How's the abyss? There we go. (cheering) AUDIENCE Good! First off, I was really scared about that fight, because I was like, "Oh great, I'm going to have a one-on-one with two bruisers. That's going to be great for people to watch and play." Because it's just two people. The rest of the party's like, "All right." So I was really happy that Travis went with me on the narrative elements of that, and we turned it into a fun, dynamic battle. Most memorable moments of the show. You guys go first. I'm so sorry for any of you in the audience that has not watched the show and right now is going, "What the hell are they talking about?" Cows. From a Dungeon Master's standpoint, I still-- thank you, ten minute sign. There was something so weirdly frightening and satisfying and delightful spending so much time building up Emon and Tal'Dorei, and then in one fell swoop, just destroying the city. Oh man. I recommend it sometime. Isn't that what SimCity is? And isn't it fun? You also live in a very unique plane of existence, Taliesin. For me? Change of scenery. Self care is a very important thing in any creative field because it can be a very soul-crushing experience at times, and the monotony in any job can become a very difficult thing to maintain, so you owe it to yourself, when you feel that drudgery take over a bit, to walk away and force yourself to go to a space that's unfamiliar, a space that is different and forces you out of your comfort zone, and you have to adjust. Partially, because it shakes your system a bit, but you might end up discovering a location or people or an environment that you never thought you'd enjoy before, and it might unlock some interesting passions and reinvigorate aspects of your life that you didn't consider until that moment. It's amazing what a change of scenery can do, even if it's just taking a walk if you have writer's block, or something along those lines, just getting yourself out of that stagnant space that you found yourself in, and run in a different direction for a while. All righty! Is it a subpoena? AUDIENCE Oh god. I know who you are, now! Thank you very much! AUDIENCE Hey, what's your name? AUDIENCE Bidet. AUDIENCE Of strange script directions and sound effects? AUDIENCE Because Japan. A lot of scripts get weird, interesting sound effect noises. Things I love, are when the scripts give-- you have, especially if it's in a long row, you have the line of dialogue, and next to it you have the direction that the writer has for the certain feel of the line. I love the ones that are so, "Why did you write that down?" Where the line is "Thank you." And the descriptor is "Like, thank you." And you're like Oh! Man! Thank you! If you're lucky enough, I've been in a couple of shows where I've known the writers, or friends with the writers on it, and so they'll leave things in the script for you every now and then "I'm so sorry for this." Like apologizing for certain lines of dialogue, or they'll write lines in the scripts just to mess you up, and then they'll be like, "All right, no, the real line is actually down here." I've had a couple times where I'd get to a line and be like, "Really?!" Yeah. "How do I--" Then the director's in on it, they're like, "Yeah, if we can get a few takes on that," and I'm like, "Okay. All right. (sigh)" And then deliver this ridiculous line that makes no sense in context-- Stuff like that! And then, like "All right, cool, we got that on tape, I'll go ahead and send that over to Michelle. Now we'll get you the actual line of dialogue." I'm like (angry noise) "You!" Thank you, that's a good question. We should go faster. Let's go faster, must go faster. MARISHA. Hey. Oh, hi. Lightning round! Cool. Hi Lindsey! Improv has been huge. Improv and cold reading. Yeah, make a choice and stick to it. Awesome. Thank you, good question! It's a good question, though.