Good morning, everyone. Whoa! There we go, I think we're good? Morning! I saw you were repping with this shirt. It made me happy. Yeah, both of our schedules on our badges said this was the main stage. So if you have any friends that are there, let them know that they're in the wrong place. And that it's okay because we were also at the wrong place. We almost fought for it, too. There were Guild Wars folks there and we were like Whose panel is this? Are you sure? It almost happened. So welcome to our Saturday morning-ish, near noonish Critical Role panel! (applause) Fantastic! So careful with spoilers. (alarm beeping) We've got mood lighting now, heck yeah. And the ominous countdown in the corner. So if we have that going like the '24' sound through the whole panel it'd be great! We should start with intros. Mary. That's actually how they came up with the idea to make their characters twins is because they share a birthday and I said, well, that's convenient. We have built Tumblr trash! Yes! It is a weird reversal. For most of my life it's been Oh, don't let them know you play Dungeons & Dragons. I've been playing since my freshman of high school, so 20 years this year. I've been playing longer than some of you have been alive! Oh God! That hit me harder than I expected. First character I ever made, I was invited to the game and I didn't know much about the logistics of it, but I wanted to be a wizard, because magic practitioners sound like a really cool idea, and so I made a wizard. This was Second Edition D&D so I had to learn how THAC0 worked. And I was like, "Okay, what kind of wizard can I make? Oh, there are kits!" And your kits are ways you customize your character, and so I was like, "Oh, a militant wizard? I get to wield a sword and "be a wizard like Gandalf? Cool!" Little did I know it was the most useless kit ever because wizards back then were so dead if you didn't have magic ready. So if you get up with a sword and go "Eh!" you're dead. So it wasn't the best idea, but it was fine and we played for a bit, but my DM at the time was not the best DM, and after we played for a few months, I got really frustrated with the style, and we had one crux moment during a game that got me so frustrated I just left and decided, "I'm going to DM my own stuff now. I know there's more to this. It can be better." And I really haven't played characters much since. Yeah. I've played in games. I've played a lot of other systems as well, but D&D's kinda where my heart is because I'm a big RPG fantasy nerd. I love it! I love it. I think I've really enjoyed Second Edition because it was all I knew, although it had its quirks. Somehow everyone had 18-100 strength. Everyone was really lucky when they rolled their character. But the math was ridiculous. But it had such depth to it, and 3.0 and 3.5 I felt were really, really good ways to allow character customization. It did tend to complicate aspects of combat, or at least cause a lot of floating modifiers, and the math kind of--while less esoteric math-- based around the AC and THAC0 equation. It didn't lend to a lot of everyone paying attention to, "Okay, you get the +1 from here and this gives you +1 to hit and damage from "the bard thing. Oh, but you have this Bless spell on, so it's another +1 to hit from there, so +4... "but you're also turned away, so it's +3 and ugh!" I just start bleeding from the nose. But you know, you made it work, and it was better than previous editions, and Fourth Edition came out and that was a struggle to certain points. I ran a long-term Fourth Edition game which my friend Shawn actually played in here. Yeah, we actually had a great job. Actually, Shawn here, if you guys are watching the game we did the other night, we had the Q&A? He was the rogue in my Ravenloft campaign for two years that ended up taking over the castle after Strahd and cut out the bard's tongue and turned him into his own private Theon at end of the game. A real happy ending there. Ravenloft. Fourth Edition, it had some cool ideas, I love the skill challenge aspect of it. I felt the idea of the at-will magics-- Magic practitioners never actually ran out of spells, there was some low-level stuff that they could just do forever. It was really great and useful, because as a wizard I never wanna have to go, "Well, I'm out of spells." You shouldn't have that, you shouldn't have to be able to only Mage Hand three times a day. I'm like, "No, I don't want to pick up stuff. "I trained for years in this shit. Make my book float to me!" So the Fourth Edition at-will magics carried over as the cantrips in Fifth, and so they kept that over, which was really nice. The skill system was a little more refined and the Fifth Edition combat and character development still allows a breadth of customization with your character, but not overcomplicated, and I really felt like they streamlined it in the right ways, so I'm really enjoying Fifth Edition. I think it's [audio skips]. To be fair, those three spells-- They pack a punch there. That's one of the things I love about this game in general and any RPG system, is everybody who grew up as a kid playing in their front yard kind of fighting windmills like Don Quixote, we all had that period of time where we embraced our imagination and made up stories and went with it. And as we grow up, society tends to have this trend of pushing that thought away. "No, you must "be a realist. You must not play. You must not be able to get together with people and just be "creative for the hell of being creative." And RPGs are one of the mediums that continues to allow that to flourish long into adulthood, and I think it's such a wonderful therapeutic and positive way of reinforcing social connection with people. I've built stronger bonds with the people I've gamed with than most anybody else in my life, and there's something about that shared adventure experience that's so wonderful and those memories are real. We've never been so torn about promoting a friend's television series. "Go watch Blindspot, "hopefully it'll get a second season." So if we can write a petition to Blindspot to set the show in LA next season, that'd be great. We'd appreciate that. Part of this-- since you know the gist of it so far, let's open the floor to questions. We'll turn this into a Q&A. We have a microphone-- Go ahead and line up behind that microphone and we'll start taking your questions one at time. We'll get through as many of you guys as we possibly can. As you can see, we have a looming 48, 47 minutes left. All right, sir, what's your name? Hi, Conner-Tiffany! (shudders) No, it is, and you definitely tugged a cord there. You invoked that which should not be invoked. Continue, no, it's a necessary conversation. I don't know. We're still kind of holding on as to what this show is. We had no idea this was going to become whatever it is. We had like a six to eight week plan of, "Well, if it doesn't "work out, we'll just go home and keep playing on our own." And people found us and resonated and started creating their own games and it just built this community that I never expected. It's become so much more important to me than just a game we play now. It's introducing other people to it and watching them create their own stories with their friends and send us pictures of their game nights and their families playing now. To me it's-- D&D has an unfortunate stigma because of when the time it came out there was a very anti-D&D fundamentalist Christian movement that didn't understand the game, just saw surface elements and decided that it was "evil demons being summoned!" Oh no, it's okay! It's my people too! (Southern accent) My family's all from the South as well, I fully understand. Don't think y'all gotta carry that burden just yourself. So that put a stigma on it, and the media of course ran with it, as it does. So yeah, it got off to a bad start. But I think now, through geek culture becoming pop culture, for better or for worse, I think largely for the better, you're now seeing a trend of people that grew up playing D&D, who grew up writing stories and making up stories with their friends, are inheriting the entertainment industry. They're becoming the producers and the writers and the directors of films, television. So that's part of the reason we've had this big surgence in geek culture is because now the people that are creating the media are the geeks. We took over. And so, to your question there, I'm not sure where it's going to go. I think it's cool that it's bringing it to an audience that didn't have the opportunity to really understand at first. There are a lot of people out there that would love to play RPGs, but like Mary said, you just didn't really know what it was, and there was a weird-- between the stigma, or just intimidation, you didn't think it was something you could or would want to do. And so, through these shows, a lot of people message us almost daily saying, since I watched your show I went out and bought the books and started a game with my family, or with my father, and we reconnected through it. It's become this really cool re-emergence of tabletop gaming. And thanks to other shows, like High Rollers and the Real Role Play Guys, and now the Dice, Camera, Action that Wizards does, there's this trend now of people showing other people what D&D can be. And other RPGs as well. Like Zac, who used to run our stream, is now doing his Hyper RPG Go up in Seattle, and they're doing a bunch of awesome Shadowrun games and all these different other types of RPGs as well. So will it end up mainstream media? I don't know. I know there's people trying it, because whenever anything seems to be doing well on the internet, that means all the executives in a room somewhere with a bunch of suits have to be like, "How can we capture this and make money?" So I'm sure we'll see some attempts at that. Some may be genuine, some may not be. I think the charm of our show is the fact that we're just a bunch of doofuses that like each other a lot, and play for our own amusement, not necessarily to make maximum dollar for our company. As soon as that gets introduced, it kind of gets a little weird and, I don't know, the flavor gets a little tainted for me. So I think as long as people are genuine in producing this content, it will still resonate with people. So we'll see how the entertainment industry treats it. I know we're putting our feet on the ground making sure that it doesn't fall in that category, because I would rather jump in front of traffic. (laughs) To be fair, it's okay to go back in the basement, for those of us who don't like light. Not a fan of sunlight myself. Basement's cool. Hi! What's your name? Hi, Stephanie. It's okay. Okay. Favorite character in the Critical Role world. Victor. That's what scares me. I don't know where it came from. That was a purely improvised character. That has become like a staple now. There's a good chance. When you're the only individual that has discovered black powder in the universe, and that's kind of your personality, you're not going to be very careful with it. We've already seen him blow up once, though it was not in canon. Victor's an interesting one. I'm sure he'll show up again. Same place Victor came from, I think. Yeah. (chuckles) (laughter) Yeah, what happened to that skull? I know where it went. (laughter) I don't plan where they're going to go, because I don't know where they're going to go. I plan possible places they can go. I try and prepare enough to the point where I'm not completely lost if they make random choices, but it still happens occasionally. For me it's about considering what their discussions have been in the game, listening to what their characters have insinuated they might want to do next, and then I'll flesh out those avenues they might possibly go, so that when they choose that path or this path, I have some things prepared for it. No, the acid river had nothing to do with the rug. The acid river had everything to do with Wil Wheaton being a guest in that episode. (laughter) Okay, so you aren't aware of this Wil Wheaton used to play on Acquisitions Inc., which is the PAX prime live game they did with the official D&D folks, and he had a character named Aeofel who died horribly in a pit of acid. Of course. It's Wil Wheaton! (laughter) It also just unfortunately happened that the rug got in. I was like "Oh!" Magical enchantments can resist certain things, but that's not one of them for a tapestry. (laughter) The NPCs I have that are the most layered are Gilmore and Allura, and I enjoy playing them both for different reasons, because they're both very, very layered characters. You guys have probably only seen elements of those two, and I hope more of that plays out in the future, but both those characters are two that I really enjoy jumping into their shoes for a bit. They're both very close and personal to me. Thank you! Good question. Hello, what's your name? Yeah. Yeah, that was intense. (silence) (laughter) Yeah, because we could only play once every four to six weeks, and so we'd play for a standard eight hours, or more sometimes, depending. We wanted to get as much time as we could when we got the dads away from their kids, we had a very short window where we're like "All right, maximize time!" Then we all go home drained. Worth it. So as far as your question is concerned, I've rewatched a lot of them, partially because I have to go back and-- It works as a good note-taker as a DM to have the actual episode online. I'd be like "What-- Who did they meet again? What NPC did they talk to, oh crap, I'll look it up. Okay, "there we go, what did that character sound like?" It's been a helpful tool for me to have that video. There have been times where we'd put episodes on in the background when we had to leave our bird alone for a while, just so she'd hear our voices. (awwing) I don't know. She's a bird? We found ourselves putting this couple of episodes on and then sitting down and ended up watching a full episode, and me and Marisha would be like "Oh, "we're those people." (laughter) The one I probably watched the most, just because I love the reactions to it, would have been the Conclave attack. Yeah it was. Holding on to that for two years. Let me tell you. Seeming messes up everything in the best way. Thank you so much. All right, we have a few people back there, we'll try and make these answers more concise, my fault, sorry. Hello. I see. (laughter) Oh, very cool. There are many systems that are a lot faster at character building than D&D. D&D is a fairly deep system. It's not super deep, it's not Rifts deep. There are other systems that are a lot faster, some Savage World stuff can be pretty fast to put together. If you look online for fast character generation RPGs, especially on RPGnet, they'll have a lot of examples that I can't think of any off of the top of my head right now. Dungeon World! There you go, that's one. Those are all great systems. If it's D&D in particular, you can also pre-create characters, like generate a character per class if it's their first game and they don't know what to do. Then instead of having them build it, you can have them pick from the list and tweak and customize a few things if they want to, and then introduce them to the game. That way you have taken the weight off their shoulders. I've done that for a few people, where I'll create their character for them in advance and they'll show up and be like "Okay, "I'll pick this guy." And I'm like "Cool, go!" And the other characters just go away. Or I make them NPCs. Why not? That's my recommendation. No worries. Good question. And good luck with he DMing, dude! Hey Harley. Harley Quinn is more what I would think. The Maestro? I spent a lot of time alone as a kid. I don't know? For me, especially from a DM standpoint, it's considering sometimes character regionality or some races might have kitschy themes through them. Like the dwarves, I tend to go Scottish. Not all of them, but just because it's classic, and I will always make any excuse for myself to do a Scottish brogue because it's my favorite dialect ever. I love it so much. It's like music. Horrible, discordant music. Akiba's Trip? Yeah, they had me do the "foreigner voice," which is a voice setting you can set for NPCs in the game, and in the Japanese version the foreigner voice is American and they couldn't do that. Taliesin was like, "Whatever accent you want to do that's not American," so I'm like (Scottish voice) "All right. This is your foreigner." Which is great, because you could set the voices to little moe café maids. Little cute anime girl, and you enter and it's like (Scottish voice) "Hello! "Would you like a tea?" (laughter) As such, I think everyone should play that game. For that reason alone. For me, it's just what works for the character, what sounds different and unique so they stand out against each other. I've made a lot of characters in this world and I don't have that many voices, so it's hard to differentiate a lot of the time, so I try and find ways, whether it be through texture, timbre, vocal patterns-- Accents-- attitude, physicality. Being a dragon can be a dragon. (cheering) Aww... (laughter) Good question! Thank you. Hello! There we go. Hi, what's your name? Tal'Dorei's the main continent that they're in right now, yeah. Westruun is a town in central Tal'Dorei. On Tal'Dorei-- Tal'Dorei is a northern continent. It starts to crest... Othanzia is much colder, which is the other continent that has Vasselheim. That's where the Slayer's Take is, that's where the Fire Ashari exist. That one's even further north and that one's most of the time covered in snow or at least some level of cold, cloudy weather. The northern parts of Tal'Dorei like Whitestone and where Kraghammer is-- those are a little more snow-covered. But yeah, it's a colder continent by nature. It's more of the European-type climate. Marquet is a southern continent. That's where Ank'Harel is, and that is a mostly desert continent. It is probably 70% desert-covered. If ever they go there, that will be a very different scenic and cultural experience than what they've encountered at all in the campaign thus far. Should be interesting. No worries. I'll do you one better. (McCree voice) "It's high noon." (cheering) Awesome! That's great. Also, a plug for a friend, finding time to do more Tips and Tricks has been difficult. I am trying to get into a new batch soon. But at the same time a good friend of mine, Matt Colville, who is the writer of Turtle Rock, has gone further than I ever could as far as outlining really detailed videos on worldbuilding and running a game, and running encounters. So if you're like, "Oh, I'm mad there's not more GM Tips." There's a guy who is doing a much better job than me, who is doing a lot more than me, go watch his shit. His stuff. Sorry. Family panel. But, yeah, Matt Colville, go check out his videos. They are really good. Anyway, back to your question? Killing a player is always a difficult thing. I have done it in a few games and it's not a fun experience, but it is an interesting experience from a narrative standpoint. D&D is a fantasy world and there are things that can reverse death. In D&D, sometimes it can be, later in the game, a little too easy to reverse death in my opinion. That's why I introduced the skill challenge ritual for resurrection in my game. Take an element of the skill challenge from Fourth Edition that I liked, and convert that to the idea that not every soul can be recovered. Whether they themselves accept their own death, or whatever entity holds sway over their immortal soul takes them before the ritual can... That's kind of the challenge in that ritual. The players, their actions in that ritual essentially represent them trying to facilitate or reach out to their soul to stay and to come back to the body. But every single time I've had to kill a player, it's hard. Because this person has put so much energy and time into this. And you are essentially, not robbing them of it, but circumstantially, they're losing it and you have to be the person to agree to it and tell them, "They're gone." And it sucks. And it's hard. And people go home sometimes crying. And you're like, "What have I done?!" (laughter) And it was like, "What are you gonna do? Welcome to the Shadowfell." (laughter) Hi, Jeremy. With a toe in suicidal. I-- Unless they make real some serious mistakes. Here's the thing. For a TPK to happen they have to not be able to acknowledge their mortality. Most TPKs happen in games because the players are assuming they're going to win. Or they're just not being careful. "If we keep fighting and keep fighting-- Oh god he's down too. I know if I keep fighting-- I'm the "only left. If I keep fighting-- We're dead?!" You know? Then yeah, it's going to happen. Like Shawn-- that could have been a total TPK if his character wasn't like, "Okay, we're not going "to win this. Any chance we have of recovering this party, some of us have to get out of here alive. "Run." As long as somebody does that, there are opportunities to try and retrieve a few of those people, you know, because of resurrection magic, and such. And there's always the Wish spell, you can always quest down the road, part of an adventure for a while could be to find a way to find a being of enough power to be able to Wish a friend back to life. That's a classic fantasy trope, and that's a really worthwhile journey. That's-- go to the underworld to seek a friend and bring them back. That's as old as there's been written word. That's old Gilgamesh days in Greek mythology, yeah. So (pause) I forgot the question. (laughter) I think they have about a year of story left before they finish the biggest arc of the story. The next step, beyond the Chroma Conclave, because that's-- Thordak the Cinder King, I expect him to be probably around level 17 or 18 when they get to that. Maybe earlier, depending on how brash they are, how careful they are. But there's other things brewing in the world of Exandria. I don't know what that's about. Put all the survivors on top of it, what could possibly go wrong? Don't tell them about the marble. Just a failed ritual. Have you ever seen that scene in A Clockwork Orange with the-- (laughter) Aside from that, it's the way-- you've got to explain it. Whenever anybody says, "What is "Dungeons & Dragons?" Like when you asked me at the beginning, "What is Dungeons & Dragons?" I'm like, uhh, it's communal storytelling and improv. In a fantasy setting. It's like Lord of the Rings, but you're just making it up as you go. What would you, as an outsider coming in originally, what do you think would be the best way to describe it to you, if that's not it? You're welcome. If that doesn't work, send them to me. (laughter) AUDIENCE Come, do it. AUDIENCE Yeah man, Seeming an entire party into cows, to try and masquerade as-- and to a certain extent, interrogate cows, as cows, varying sized cows. Seeming messes everything up, I'm going to keep putting this out there. I love it. I love it. Then having to chase down a roc, so cast Fly on the cows so you have a party of different-sized flying cows across the moonlight. It's everything you hoped Amgen would have produced. (laughter) I know I know, he had it coming. Not very well. For him, his bard character was a Vistani and was this very somewhat slimy, charismatic in that I-can't-possibly-trust-you ringmaster-y kind of way. Eventually he just got fed up with it, and the corruption had set in so strongly, he just cut his tongue out. Jack played it as this now freaked-out, and then subservient, quiet and-- Yes, he would express his stuff through character action, and describing what he was doing emotionally, but couldn't actually say it. So it would be like "I bow my head and nod, and look "directly in his eyes and give him a look of intense hatred, but then look away and walk." And I'm like "All right!" (laughter) Yeah. In a lot of games if one player had cut out another player's tongue, that would have been a really tense, angry-- Real people being angry like "He can't do that, that's bullcrap!" You know, maybe. Or you could take it as a really interesting character moment, the way Jack did, and play it into the personality, and now that's a reason for the mute character to be silently plotting against the person who did it, or try to find a way to get their tongue back, and their comeuppance against that player. That in itself can be a really cool arc as well. I don't promote PvP in your games unless your players are really into the idea and respectful of continuing the narrative, because that can go really south very quickly if you're not being mature about it. But yeah, that's one of the weirder ones. AUDIENCE Awesome! That's awesome. Hello! AUDIENCE Good strong name. (laughter) AUDIENCE Awesome AUDIENCE Okay. That's what I like about ones and 20s. While in the system, technically in D&D, rolling a 20 on a skill check is isn't considered a critical success necessarily, I consider that just lowering the DC on the skill check, because I think a 20 should be magical whenever it's rolled. I think that number is so intrinsically wonderful when you see it on the table, that to roll that for a skill check and have it not really be just a high number, I think that robs you of that moment. So I do give some sort of benefit. Like if Grog rolled a 20 on an intelligence check a few times. That doesn't mean he suddenly has an encyclopedia in his head, or that he knows exactly what he's trying to find out, but I'll give him a little bit of information he otherwise might not have known. Whether it be just an instinct or something he remembered, he's like "Oh yeah." You can find ways to work it into a game. But there have been a number of encounters that have been steamrolled by a series of 20s. You guys watched Percy's crazy 20-a-thon butt flap orc death 2015. That's going to be a bumper sticker, by the way, that whole phrase. (laughter) Scanlan and Kaylie, that was one of those natural ones-- When Scanlan's history caught up to him, and she was there to kill him, or at least cut him down to the point where he would understand the pain that she went through. Through his speech, and she rolled a straight one-- Those are those perfect narrative moments. They don't work out often, but every now and then you get that moment where it would be perfect if I had critically succeeded or critically failed at this moment, and then it happens. That's the magic of the game for me. Those are the moments you remember forever. AUDIENCE Yeah. Good job, guys! That's a whole questline you'll never touch again. Thank you. Hello! My biggest recommendation is Start small. If you're doing homebrew, if you're making your own world Start small. If you're running a pre-made adventure or module it can be a little easier, especially for your first time because a lot of the information is already provided for you. But if you're creating your own story Start small. You get stuck in this world-building aspect of trying to build a whole continent, a whole culture-- multicultures and political structure between these two sides and all of a sudden your party is like "We're going to spend the next six "months in this city." You're like "But I built all this... Okay." So start on that city. Build a small town or a small farm village or wherever you want them to start, and just focus on fleshing out that small area. Consider the major NPCs, who they interact with positively or negatively. What's the antagonistic force in that area that's going to be driving the story? What type of character intrigue can you input in this small little cluster of people, and then once they start playing it, their decisions will begin to inform your worldbuilding. How they interact with these people, what kind of things that their characters are interested in finding in the story, will inform you of what kind of things you can put into the world down the road that will really hook them and get them interested in the story as they progress. So start small, have some big ideas and take notes on things you would like to build in the long run, but don't overwork yourself creating everything at once, and have only this much be seen for a year. That's my biggest recommendation, because all of that effort you put into a smaller area will make that small area so much more fleshed out and lively and real in their minds, and really give you, the DM, the confidence of knowing that whatever they do in this little area, you have a really strong idea of where it might go and how you can react to their decisions. That's my biggest recommendation. No worries. Other than killing a player? Killing my city of Emon. Man, building a town over two and a half, three years and having it be like a central location to the story and the characters' world, and where they live and everyone they love lives, for the most part, and it's the political center. And then having to, because it was the narrative I built, where the world was going and where the story needed to be, come in and just smash it. Just kick all my Legos over. Oh, it was fun. Weirdly cathartic. You're welcome. In a stomp my own sandcastle kind of way. Basically. Hello! Hey Sean. Sure. I'm not going to be able to quote things exactly from memory, but something along the lines of "Okay, I'm going to focus on the poop in a jar. What can I see around me?" That's one. (laughter) Yes. I don't know. As far as I know from the game, I don't think it's multiplayer, but I think they're making it a little more open world, like you can wander around the map. It's not like Final Fantasy X where you had an airship and you pick places and it drops you down there. I think it's a little more open world wandering, from what I've seen in the trailers. But it's not multiplayer like XIV is, if that's what your question means. As far as I know. But when I find out I'll let you know. I promise. Thanks, buddy. We can do this, we can do this. AUDIENCE Awesome! AUDIENCE I feel your pain. (laughter) AUDIENCE A general sliding scale I go for, because-- Adding just more hit points means it can go on for a long time. For scaling. So, I mean, adding more hit points does help to have enemies have longevity, especially when you have that many players, because that's a lot of damage that can be dished out in a combat round. My recommendation is to also increase the damage that can be done by these creatures. Because you'll get fewer rounds of combat with more players, but to still keep it dangerous, have the damage they take from certain attacks be large enough to the point where it really is dangerous. Or conversely, consider adding abilities to certain creatures that are area of effect attacks. You can customize any monster they come across. The Monster Manual are just templates, and suggestions of how to run these things. You can customize however you want. So if you want that beholder to be really nasty against nine players, perhaps it has an eye wipe ability that chooses to do one eye ray attack on everything within a 20 foot radius. How will that do against nine players? AUDIENCE I'm just saying. There are ways you can customize creatures to be more of a threat to multiple entities. And, yeah, because a lot of single target attacks will be less effective against larger groups, think of ways that you can give them big sweeping attacks that can hit multiple guys at once. Or things that can lock down and grapple multiple players at a distance and make them ineffective for a round or two. Like, those are ways you can still make it threatening for that many players without having to just give them 400 more hit points, and it becomes a huge slog fest. AUDIENCE One more; one more! Hi, Megan! Most influential for your character? While you think about that... For Keyleth, I know Marisha, for her it was partially Avatar the Last Airbender. She's a huge fan of the series. So when she created a druid, she wanted to go that elemental, trying to learn, to master different tribes of elemental types. Which has been kind of a cool journey for her character. Also, because Marisha, as you may have noticed, she's a tough chick. She's, like, really confident, and that's why I like her. You know. She's the fighter; I'm the diplomat. It works out fine. She defends my honor. (laughter) Hey, we all are in many ways. I think we can all agree on that. Thank you. So sorry. If we didn't get to your question, if you see us around the convention, feel free to stop us and ask. Or come to another panel, or come to our signing and ask us. Or shoot me a message on Twitter. Thank you guys so much.