We found the room. (cheering) Like the original gauntlet, not like Gauntlet gauntlet– The initial variation of gauntlet. Yes, Marisha Ray needs tequila badly. (laughter) They say it works well. Well, hi, everybody! (cheering) I guess we'll do some quick introductions. I think some people here already know who we are, so we'll make them very quick. Hi. Who are you? (cheering) Yay! I am Matthew Mercer. MARISHA and Hi guys! I am the Dungeon Master. Thank you! Most of you know the context, and for those of you that don't, we're just not going to explain. (laughter) I'll call you on it. We'll be good. Anyway. I was kind of directing it in this direction. Raise your hand if you have not seen Critical Role. You are going to be so confused! I am excited for your journey this evening! You're seriously earning some great friend points. We're not going to remember tonight tomorrow. Well, cool. This will be primarily a Q&A. We'll do a quick overview of how our weird show came about and then we'll go into questions from you guys! I believe we have microphones set up here in the center of the room, so when we begin to open to questions, we'll go ahead and have you guys very calmly and respectfully line up behind the microphones. We would like to avoid clotheslining or pile-driving, unless you are a Guile cosplayer, which I will allow you one piledrive. That's the only circumstance. "Check if he has a pulse! He's alive! We're good!" AUDIENCE What's your name? AUDIENCE Taylor? All right so if anyone gets crushed, it's Taylor's responsibility. To make sure that you're alive. Thank you, Taylor. AUDIENCE Oh great! We're set! (laughter) If anyone watched last night's episode, you really know the importance of clerics. (cheering) Yeah, because I have to unpack everything. Yeah. Yeah. I know I should go to sleep, but this isn't happening until three. Well good! I'm glad you suffer with us, in the best way. (laughter) I'm sorry. Look, if we did it any earlier, Sam would just be that much more late. Basically, yeah. Mr. DuckTales. For those who don't know, they announced recently the DuckTales cast. It's amazing. Sam, our bard, is the voice director for that series. I'm forever jealous of him for that. I know, but they won't take him from us. They can try. I'm so torn because we want you to support her show, Blindspot, but if it doesn't come back, we get her back. But no! Watch the show. It's a great show, we want to support her. Selfishly, they need heals. It makes me so happy. Or I've instilled a poor priority list in all of my friends. One of the two. What could possibly go wrong? Smash cut to me under an overpass bridge in ten years. Slowly rocking inside of a cardboard-- Exactly. In the nature of opening the discussion with you guys, if you do have a question that's burning in the back of your mind, calmly and carefully, hopefully without a need of the lifeguards, start making your way towards these microphones in the front. We'll make two lines here, and we'll alternate between either one. That type of control only comes from being a Dungeon Master. Yeah, this is true, actually! Fantastic. All right. We will do our best to accommodate as many questions as we can in the time we have allotted for this panel, which means we'll try and be as concise as possible with our answers, so we can get to as many as possible. I'm sure there will be many topics we'll ramble on for for an extended period of time. We'll do our best to get to as many as we can. If we don't get to your question here, bring it up in another panel. Even if it's completely not Critical Role-related. It's fine. It'll confuse the rest of our panel. You choose. If I ever told myself, "Oh yeah, you'll be singing musical theater on the internet in front of thousands of people." I'd be like, "Because I hate myself? Because I want to be hunted down?" So thank you that we have an opportunity for this. AUDIENCE We all have our very deep-seated obsessive love of Hamilton, but-- Yeah, that's the thing. I'd say, knowing our types of humor, and our love of Trey Parker and Matt Stone, I'd probably say Book of Mormon. I feel like the cat that had the petal put on its head, and it saw through infinity. Okay, points. I'll give you that. Hi! AUDIENCE Awesome! AUDIENCE We've had discussions. AUDIENCE Spice? We'll just put out small packets of cinnamon. Critical Role brand spice. Or just different spices in each package. You don't know what you're getting! Oh! Or we could have a packet of suude. We don't tell you how to use it. Totally worth it. Okay. She'll come into my office at times, when I'm working on game stuff, and she'll be like, "Hey Matt," and I'll be like, "Don't look! Don't look at me!" Pushing maps in the corner, "(shushing) What?!" And respect is the key, because when you consider that a person is at the table to play the game, they want to play it for the challenges and the same level as everyone else does. And yeah, you might say, "Oh, they get special treatment," it's like, you're disrespecting her and her interest in being a gamer and wanting to come at this at the same level of challenge that everybody else is. So it's just being able to distinguish that difference and respect as players at the table that that's not the case. I have that shit alarmed. (laughter) No worries, good question. (cheering) Hi, what's your question? I was like, did I black out for half an hour? Because I'm an asshole? Anyway, you had a question? AUDIENCE I am sorry, and you're welcome. (laughter) Welcome back. And let me tell you, how long have you been playing, approximately? AUDIENCE Deities and Demigods. But that's the thing, though. We're going into an age now where not only is the game more accessible to a larger audience, but there's less of that stigma to discuss it, and people are more interested in either getting back into it or finally learning what it actually is, and it's actually a lot of fun. When I grew up, like you said, you're in five games now. That would be insane to me when I was 14! AUDIENCE Yeah, it was like spotting a UFO, you're like, "Wait, wait. You know somebody else who "plays D&D? You don't want to join our group? No? That's fine." AUDIENCE Whose backstory do you choose? Like, what order to go in? AUDIENCE I think it depends on their backstories and considering what level of difficulty that might come to fruition in. If someone's backstory deals with a drug lord that crossed their family and they're trying to get vengeance on them, that could be a fairly low-level encounter that could have some long-running background elements you could tie into the future. If someone's like, "Well, my backstory is I had one of the evil gods devour my people on a continent that sank into the ocean," you're like, probably not getting to that until the later levels. So that does help at least prioritize somewhat, at least as far as the scale of the group's power. If there isn't that easy-to-discovery priority list per se, then see if there's any that you can combine, see if there's a plot from one backstory and another that they thought were completely unrelated that suddenly tie into being the same group or the same villain, or perhaps it's fate that came together for this specific purpose. Or just tell a player, hold off a while. Be respectful. I can't do everybody's story at once. This is going to turn into The Wire. (laughter) Ambassador. It was like a Maury episode, yeah. And good on you for taking up the mantle of helping dungeon master other games. I can't emphasize it enough. For so many years, I've known people who were afraid to pick up the mantle of the dungeon master. It is daunting, it seems, but it's a thrill in its own right to create a story, to create a space for your friends to play in, and that's your gift to them, and let them live and breathe and write stories within that space that you created is-- there's no feeling quite like it. AUDIENCE I know. But once you wait for the right moment to release it and you go, "Here," and they all go, "What?!" you're like, "Yeah." I don't know which mic to drop. There's like six at the table. (laughter) Yeah, I think him, Matt Colville, and Chris Perkins are the only people that know what the next arc in your campaign is. I'm tempted, like, time to steal some money! Or I'm just going to melt down. Snow-blind, aged 40 years. He had no legs, it was weird. (laughter) Talk about training with weights on, dude. Damn! Very fast workout. You first. Oh, you're going to hate them when you're back to your new campaign at level three. Yeah, they're hyper-paranoid, they're just strange and dangerous. Those are fun. All of those are good choices. Look. (laughter) I like the idea of an entity that is such a powerful force of nature on such a mythological level that it just slumbers beneath the surface of the world and emerges once every generation or so to rise up and eat, for weeks, anything in its path. Until eventually, it's either defeated, or it's quelled its hunger and then slumbers back into the core of the earth again, supposedly on an infinite loop, for all of time. That's fun. Also, hyper-magic resistant, vorpal bite, trample attacks. It's fun. Hope they never run into one. AUDIENCE Good question. Thanks, buddy. You sir! Hey, Zeke! Oh! Heath. I misunderstood that. As a fan of Heath bars, I'm sorry. Did he really? Anthony! Excremancer. (laughter) I would say two moments for me. One's going to be legitimate, one's going to be a little cheesy. The legitimate one is the moment that I decided to become a dungeon master, as a performer, because it was a lot of pressure, but it also allowed me a space where I could create and understand so many different varying character personalities from my imagination and give them life, give them a voice, give them a personality, and play in that space. It helped me hone a lot of the skills that I still use today as a professional performer. So deciding to be a dungeon master-- In a space where the only experience I had was one dude who was a really bad dungeon master, and I became one out of spite as a reaction to his campaign. Really nice guy, but just not that great of a storyteller. That was important to me. Honestly, it sounds cheesy, but the moment that we decided to do the livestream. It went against a lot of our instincts for such a personal game and we were like, "I don't know, man." We all had our brushes with the internet, and the internet being a mob of flaming torches and pitchforks. We were like, "Okay, do we want to set us up for this kind of heartbreak?" I think our decision to take it to the stream and hope for the best led to two years of this. (applause) Thank you for the question. Hello! That's okay. Hello! AUDIENCE Nice! Congrats. AUDIENCE I played a number of systems growing up. D&D was my first introduction into RPG and will always be my dearest, because it for a lot of people was the introduction and the kickstart moment of the genre as a whole. I grew up playing the Palladium universe, for better or for worse, through Rifts, which is broken in its own right. I love Call of Cthulhu tremendously. Dungeon World's a great system, actually. I've only had the opportunity in recent years to try that one out. Exalted was fun because you play an anime character being ridiculous. You get more benefits for having the most ridiculous combos, like, "That's even cooler? Then you get more cool because you're so cool. Because anime." Exalted is fun in that regard. A lot of the White Wolf stuff. World of Darkness is a lot of fun. AUDIENCE That's awesome. I've played a lot of terrible systems. I played a one-shot in a world called Synnibarr, which is one of the worst games ever made, and I played it because of that. It already had that reputation and I was like, "I at least have to try this once," and it lived up to its reputation. It made Rifts look super streamlined, beautiful, and cohesive as far as worldbuilding. It was incredible. Marisha? Yeah. That wasn't the intent! That was a year and half before we started dating! It wasn't! I'm a good boy! (laughter) (pathetic horn blowing) Shut up! Continue answering your question. Couples that stay in their pajamas playing Minecraft together I think is a very therapeutic experience for the two of you. I highly recommend it. If it's a rainy day outside, get yourself a cup of coffee, sit there, and be like, "Hey babe, you want to build a castle out of this mountain? Let's do it." "Let's raise some sheep." Hello! Oh, it's Becca! Becca's our OG Critter. Just so you guys know, Becca, I think, was legitimately the first Critter we met at a convention after the show had originally launched. Becca's been there from the beginning. I just picked songs that I knew and liked. No, there was a little bit of searching. Yeah, it was like, "How do I encompass an entire NPC's personality in one song?" I chose elements of each, and it was hard to do. A lot of mine were songs that I already knew or I was a fan of the bands and picked one that fit for those characters, and then a lot of searching as well. I'll be doing a second list soon. Should be interesting. Thank you, Becca. I think we can get all these questions done in the next seven minutes. There's a panel after this, right? Damn right you are! That's amazing! (Gilmore voice) "If I do say so myself, you look glorious." AUDIENCE Oh, that's an interesting point. Who knows, some elements might still come in, per se. Who to pick? It's interesting. You try to prepare as much as you can as Dungeon Master, but the players always inevitably go nowhere you expect. You end up having to throw half your stuff out the window. That's part of the fun of being Dungeon Master. You go, "Okay, let's see where this goes." I've been really excited that through the Marquet journey they've got to see a bit more of Gilmore's backstory, which is fun. Seen some more about Allura's history and initial adventuring party a bit, the original battle with Thordak and stuff like that. I would say there hasn't been enough time or interaction in Vasselheim, the Platinum Sanctuary, and Highbearer Vord, and the history of how Kima came under his training, and their relationship, which is of mutual respect, but also tenuous teacher and impetuous student. Even for as many years as they've been working together, and as high ranked as Kima is within the order. We never had the opportunity to really explore that too much and I don't know if we will, depending on where the game goes. Maybe it will. We'll see. Kima's always been a personal favorite of mine. It's a character archetype I never got a chance to roleplay too often, which was the "All right, you guys are planning? You're taking too long. I'm kicking the door anyway." I love that. I love the individual that, while wise and understands and never acts in a way that would endanger people and is plotting well, but still gets impatient and will push even their plot forward in a way that will freak everyone else around them, but they won't tell anyone that, "I got it under control." In the end when everything works okay and they're like, "What are you doing?!" They're like, "Oh. it was fine I had a plan the whole time." Like, "Why didn't you say anything?" "Forgot." Kima works in that realm a lot. We'll see, maybe one day. Awesome. All righty, we have a few more minutes. We do have a panel, I believe, after this, right? I think so, yeah. so we won't be able to stay after. I'll try to get through a couple more questions as fast as possible and if we don't get to your question, like I said, come to our other panel. Keep it in mind, and if you don't get to it at MAGFest, maybe hit it on Twitter, or another convention. The campaign guide, as it comes to fruition later this year, will have information about that. They're not well-known within most civilized areas in Tal'Dorei, the continent proper. They do exist on the outskirts of society, and usually don't interact on this continent too often with the fairer races, I guess you'd say. They're a little more common on other continents, specifically Wildemount. That's as much as I can tell you. AUDIENCE Good question. AUDIENCE To add onto that too, characters, realistic characters, are complicated and full of contradictions and flaws. While a lot of media, you can pinpoint a few similar traits that can explain a certain character, and that may be true most of the time, but there will be exceptions. There'll be points of high duress. There'll be points of extreme emotional pain. There will be moments of severe fury or wish for vengeance that a character will act out of their normal active zone. Those moments are wonderful and human, and places you can really identify with, as many of us have been in those same places. On one might be like, "No, why is that character doing this?! That doesn't make sense." How many times have you done some things that didn't make sense and you may have regretted down the road? That's part of the process too. We also understand that passion is passion. After every episode we get that barrage of, "Oh my god, why?!" Our first response is like, "Because!" Then we all calm down the next day and we're like, "Eh, it's all right." AUDIENCE No worries. One or two quick ones because we don't want to hold up the rest of the evening. Two more quick questions. Those we didn't get to, we're so sorry, we have another panel. Please bring it with you next time. Question? Oh, how do you price out Laura's bear armor? I'd have to go back to my notes. A lot of it is spur of the moment, trying to figure it out based on, well, the time of an actual suit of armor and then barding for a creature, and then custom barding for what is a non-common creature to have armor constructed for it would be like double or triple the cost, and then you consider the materials involved are rare materials, and the quality of how they were harvested. So for that-- Yeah, to find somebody who's actually comfortable doing this and rolling for them to see if they don't end up ruining the materials, and then like, well, here's half your money back and you don't get anything. It can be that complicated if you want to, or you can just say, "Uh, it's 5,000. Here's your armor." Depends on how you want to run your game. I run in the middle of not too overcomplicated and a little bit of just keeping the narrative flowing. But a lot of those moments like that, I didn't know she was going to try and do custom bulette armor for Trinket, so I went, "Sure! It'll cost this much and you have to find this person." Make notes later to write down how much the bulette armor was. You know. So, off the top of my head, I have no idea, but I'm sure CritRoleStats would be happy to let you know. (laughter) Oh, what?! That's awesome, thank you, buddy. And you, for the final question of the evening, monsieur. AUDIENCE Oh, yes! It's hard to do that when-- well, I've been gaming for a long time, and it comes with experience to learn how to bullshit your way to get things back on the rails. It may be by the seat of your pants, but as long as your players are having a good time, it's better to let them guide that to that point. So even if it's completely away from your story and you're like, "All right, I wrote three hours of story that we're never going to see, that's fine." If the players are having a good time, you just let them roll and see where the story finds itself at that point. If you can find a way to connect it back, try to. If not, finish the session, "Thanks, guys, that was great," and then spend the next week going, "Oh shit, how do I bring this back?!" Downtime as DM between sessions is huge to try and tie those threads back together, but you don't want to feel like you're pushing the players back because they went too far beyond the boundary, because I think that goes against the-- The nature of what makes D&D so special is the fact that you can essentially push in any direction and not find an invisible barrier and run off the corner like a bad Resident Evil character. So yeah. I don't think there was ever a point where I felt like it wasn't going to work. There were definitely many points where I was like, "I have no idea what's going to happen," and the session ends, and I'm like, "All right, I got homework! Good game, guys, good game." AUDIENCE We do have a signing tomorrow. I don't think she'll say no to that, you are doing the lord's work. Guys, thank you all so much for coming to our Critical Role panel. (cheering)