It's too early for dice violence. Tap, tap, tap. Can you hear me through the mic? That's the perfect time for the cricket sounds to go off. You got this. This is not your fault. At worst we'll just have to share a mic. No. Thank you for your patience. We'll be with you in just a second. Okay. AUDIENCE Sam's not here, it's not the same. That poor man didn't realize what he was doing when he did his first real Loot Crate pitch, like, well, this is your job from now on. Yeah! There's too much to live up to now. So, good morning, everybody! How you doing? (cheering and applause) Who's suffering today because of it? (cheering) Is that Allura over there? AUDIENCE That is amazing! I love it! #CriticalCostumes for our Halloween contest. One of the two. We'll just check them all. I don't remember. I'm still groggy. So who are you? Well, sometimes it helps end the conversation you don't need in the back of the Uber. My name is Matthew Mercer. I'm a voice actor from Los Angeles. We got it? I've been playing Dungeons & Dragons most of my young adult and adult life and I'm damn proud of it. There's other RPGs but D&D is kind of my mainstay, and somehow this happened. We all know what this means. We don't know how this happened. All righty! So to give you a little heads up on that, Critical Role is a Twitch stream that we do pretty much every Thursday night where me, Taliesin, and a bunch of other nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons & Dragons. It began as a private game we played for two years in Pathfinder, and then Geek & Sundry approached us because somehow word got around the industry that there was this voice actor D&D game, and like, "You should do it on camera." We were like eh. Yay! Success. AUDIENCE There isn't enough appreciation for the tech crew. We were iffy on doing our game on-camera because it was something that was personal to us and whenever you put anything on the internet, you're ready for the internet to tear it into 14 pieces, light it on fire, and laugh at you in your pile of tears. When they told us they were doing a Twitch channel and it allowed us to play unedited for all the rough bumps and mishaps that is an actual D&D game, then at least that allowed us to continue what we were doing, just adding cameras to the room. I think we were happy to find that it really didn't change the experience too much and we're still having fun playing D&D once a week in front of a lot more people. (angry voice) "We'll give you ten bucks, here, you can kill Percy every episode." "The whole marketing team crunched the numbers and you get at least a 25% increase in "viewership every time Taliesin is not on screen. Do it!" God, if that conversation ever happened, that's when we're gone. At the very beginning, they were like, "Hey, this show's going well. You should do these "things!" We went-- MATT and They went, "What?" We went, "We'll leave." They went, "Do your thing." It's been nice to be able to hold our ground. Everyone involved with the show's production really cool people and we have a good time. So, that's the gist of Critical Role. You can check it out, it's a bunch of us just improvising, making weird voices, and rolling dice. But, yes, this is primarily a conversation Q&A about the show and anything surrounding games that you have. Any burning questions you got in the back of your skull. It is, actually. Before that was 3.5 and every edition previously. I only have so much free time. We started streaming a once a week campaign. We used to play once every six to eight weeks, maybe. Mind you, we'd play for a marathon session, it would be a six to nine hour game when we did play. We'd just block out an entire Saturday. (sadly) Yeah. I know. They have a new edition out, too. No, I still have them at my place. (laughter) Me neither. That's fine. Me and Marisha did try that. The new Mansions of Madness edition is really cool. A fan sent us a copy and pre-painted all the minis. Which is so awesome! I think I opened it on the last Periscope we did, but it was really cool, because I've been wanting to have Mansions of Madness with all the minis painted. I got half of them done with the older edition and just didn't have time, and so it was really cool that somebody did that. No, it was just me and Marisha. You can play with two people. It takes a little bit of a learning curve, but once you get there it actually runs pretty well. Narratively, actually, it's pretty cool because-- anyway, hi guys! You're here, too. I know. Let's have some questions, how about that? You pick first. We had discussed your next possible character. I already have a way to work it into the lore and the current story. Pike got close. Let's go on the-- I'm biased. Hi, Allura. Sorry, guys. You come dressed up as an NPC, I'm going to pick your question first. Just setting that up for future panels. AUDIENCE The question was how many hours does it take to prep for a session as a DM? It varies depending on what's coming up. If the next episode, the players are on a very clear track and I know what the next couple of events they're probably going to encounter might be, then I'd say it takes about an hour of prep per hour of gameplay. So if it's going to be a three to four hour session, three to four hours of preparation. As I recently discovered with the episode where they were bringing you back, I call that a nexus episode, where there are multiple plot threads out there and they can go to any of them and they're getting to a point in the story where they have to make that choice of where to go, then my life becomes horrible because I have to prepare for many different opportunities here. So that was about a four-hour episode. I think I prepped about nine hours for that one. That was also because I didn't know if they were going to go into the Abyss to try and find Yenk the goristro, in which case I had to prepare a bunch of encounters in the Abyss and made two additional maps for various Abyss-based encounters. I didn't know if they were going to go for the Dawnmartyr plate, so I had stuff for the City of Brass prepared including some encounters that would have worked with the fire plane and the City of Brass. I also had a couple other NPC encounters. I prepped a lot of things so that I wouldn't be completely lost if they went off the rails, which they always do anyway, but you try your best as a DM to prepare. I made a whole Whitestone battle map just in case they decided to say, "Sorry, Raishan," and then attack, which would have gone really poorly for everybody involved. It can vary depending on what point in the story they are. But on average, it's about an equal amount of hours per prep to gameplay, usually. Good question. You pick now. Let's see, trying to make this quick. I have a bunch of GM Tips videos you can go look up which go into more detailed stuff, and I have more of those starting soon. We did a whole new run of them that go into more of the nuts and bolts, a little look under the hood there. Look for those soon. My recommendation is start small. It's very easy to get lost in like, "Well, I have to create "a world and create all these civilizations and political struggles and (screaming)." Start in a very small location, a key location, and flesh that out well so the players can play within that small space and you have a really good idea of what can be done in that area. Then as they're playing in that space you can then expand a little and expand a little. So definitely start small and then grow out. That doesn't work for everybody, of course. People love the whole world building aspect, and that's totally fine. But for people that are starting, it can be a little daunting. Other than that, keep in mind some of the best experiences are when you're trying to facilitate the players to have incredible moments. The very old school Gygaxian mindset of DM versus players, "I will smash you all and you will have fun," can work as long as you all agree ahead of time that that's the kind of game you want to play. If you want to run Tomb of Horrors and your friends are like, "Yeah, let's do Tomb of Horrors," then yeah, go ahead and do it, that's awesome. Just make sure that everybody's on the same page on what kind of game you want to run. That way you don't end up getting halfway through and someone is like, "Oh, I thought we were going to do, like, political "intrigue, I made a character based around that. Now we're fighting kobolds and I can't do "anything." Then you end up leaving out players. So have everyone talk beforehand and make sure you're all on the same page with what kind of game you want to run. I think those are two big steps right there. AUDIENCE No worries! I know. I'm going to go in the way back. You, sir, with the yellow shirt on the left. Or pink shirt, I can't tell. AUDIENCE Orange shirt. Oh, it's in between. I got to the bookend colors and eventually came together. AUDIENCE In regards to the campaign setting, which has been an amazing experience of having no free time. I'm excited for it. I've never written something like this before and I hope you guys will like it. First off, I'm trying to see if I can get permission to put those in the book because one of the interesting elements of putting things on the DM's Guild is technically in the rules you're not allowed to then publish them in other facets. It's one of those "now it's on DM's "Guild, it stays on DM's Guild" circumstance, so I'm trying to see if I can find a way to put the blood hunter and the gunslinger in there. As far as turning it into a full class, people can do their own mods; I created it as an archetype because I didn't feel there was necessarily enough there for the build that I did to make it a full class. I could if I had time and I wanted to stretch it out, but it seems to be working fine the way we have it, so I'm probably not going to change it dramatically from what's been tested and worked in the campaign. But there are other people out there that have made their own custom firearm gunslinger based classes out there that are actually pretty awesome. I saw a gun mage class that was pretty cool on the DM's Guild. Gun cleric? Heal! Heal! You're basically Ana. So we'll see. I don't think it's going to become a full class more than just an archetype, just because that's what we have tested primarily and creating anything new and publishing it without having any real extensive test time sounds like a really bad idea to me. It's a powerful class. The grit recycling works really well for crits and deaths. It seems to balance pretty well from being a little bit stronger in some cases and then the drawbacks can be pretty nasty at times. If you play a gunslinger, pull a Percy and make sure you have as many John Woo weapons on you as possible. Indeed. Good question. To be fair, he also has hair, too. We all have hair. We'll do the guy with the hair, and then we'll do the guy with the hair. AUDIENCE Yeah. The cool thing about D&D is you can try anything. Whatever you think fits your campaign, go for it. A tranq dart aspect with healing potions could get expensive very quickly. Plus, nothing sucks more than pumping a 150, 200 gold potion into a tranq dart and then missing. Also rolling a critical one and hitting the creature instead is like, "Whoa!" 1d4 healing per dart? You'd be surprised. It's like a gunslinger alchemist combo, that would be interesting. Yeah, try it out, why not? No reason not to. That's why I like D&D, you can just do anything and it'll probably not work but you'll have fun trying. I feel like we should get the other guy with the hair. Yeah, exactly. AUDIENCE Because they realize, "Oh, this is kind of what we do for a living anyway." Then comparably we had Rothfuss, who had plenty of D&D experience, but even he came on and before we started playing, he was like, "I'm really intimidated." He was nervous. In the kitchen I'm like, "You wrote The Name of the Wind, are you serious?" Once again, once he got comfortable with it, he made an amazing character that had an amazing story impact to Keyleth's personality. It was so good! On the other end of that, I will say, part of the reason I even became a voice actor was because of D&D. I played these games long before I became a professional actor, and as a DM especially, having to create all of these personalities and inhabit them and find variations to voices to try and mix it up and make the characters interesting became a toolbox of personalities that I was able to fine-tune and utilize as a voice actor later in life. I can say with complete honesty, probably a third of the characters I've ever performed as an actor had some sort of root or base as an NPC in my high school D&D games. So yes. Both ways. That's fantastic. AUDIENCE Nuke it from orbit. It's the only way to be sure. AUDIENCE There's always the, "Oh, guys, my shift changed. I can't make the game time, sorry, have "fun!" You can do the white lie route because then nobody gets hurt. People come in and out of games all the time because of work. If you're not enjoying the game, you can always talk to the DM beforehand and let them know. In some cases, without communication, they might not be aware that they're running sessions that aren't to your liking or tastes. If they're a good DM, they'll be open to constructive criticism and be like, "Oh, okay, I didn't know that that was an aspect that you were missing but you "wanted. I'll see if I can incorporate that more into the game for you." If they're really defensive and like, "Well, if you don't like my game, then step off," then step off! They just gave you complete permission to cut away free and dry, like, "All right, see you sucker!" Which is why, once again, communication before you start playing is so key because that way everyone has an idea of what they're looking for and if it's the game for them, and the DM knows what kind of players to tailor the story to. I would recommend first having a conversation and express that, because there is a possibility that it could become what you're looking for. I would say give the DM the chance to go ahead and do that. If they're not willing to, then just respectfully bow out and look for a game that more suits your interests. Because it is your free time that you're allocating to this. Don't feel like you should stay out of obligation. That's a good way of putting it. Good luck. I'm going to go ahead and pick you, sir, over on the far side with the Zelda shirt. AUDIENCE I love D&D because it's what I grew up with and the 5th edition system is really comfortable to me. It takes a lot of my favorite aspects of older editions and streamlines them where it allows you to build narrative within the rules a lot easier, which as a person who loves narrative more than anything, that to me is a great thing. But there are other systems that do it really well, too. The Fate system is really fun. I've played a few games in the Fate system. As far as sci-fi stuff goes, I really enjoy Traveler and Diaspora. Those are both really good. Traveler is one of the few RPG systems where you can die in character creation. That and HoL, definitely. I love the Deadlands setting, like the weird west. It's very cool, very strange, and I love good western settings, anyway, so that one's a great one. The original system, though complicated, I think is the better of the two, but if you want more of a simple gameplay style, you can go with the newer editions, which is what we did for our one-shot. If you want the other end of dumb anime RPGs, you want to go Full Saiyan or Ninja Scroll style insanity, Exalted is always a good time. Exalted is more like, "I put all my strength into one final attack. Destroy everything." It's fun. GURPs is fun in the same way that paper is fun. Depending on what you do with paper, it can be a lot of fun or really boring. Speaking of which, Rifts also is a ridiculous experience in the same vein. I'm not saying it's a good system. Actually, the Marvel RPG that came out five or six years ago was actually pretty decent. Different characters were better at being a solo fighter versus a group fighter versus a team fighter and you had different dies depending on what you were a specialist with. Some characters like Wolverine had better damage rolls if they were away from a team. It was pretty fun. There are a couple dudes-- Then the other guy with the glasses. AUDIENCE That's pretty epic. Someone please draw that. Oh, man, let's see. This is one of the more ridiculous experiences, talking about Rifts. I think I mentioned this in a couple panels before. My friend Todd Huntington in high school was obsessed with Rifts. It was his favorite system; he owned every book. Rifts UK! Rifts Asia! Rifts Atlantis! Wormwood! Everything Palladium he had. His big thing was, because all the books technically were in the same ruleset, any Palladium book was on the table to be used some way in the game. We had fun with it, but part of the fun of Rifts was trying to show him how broken Rifts was. He was like, "It's the best system ever!" and we were like, "It's really not, and here's why!" He's like, "No, it's great." As we got into the later power levels of the game, they also had the Macross license. Which is what happened. In the Macross book, they had the rules for the SDF-1, which is the giant ship. Now, everything in Rifts has a damage value as a weapon, even if it's 1d4 times one million megadamage, which some of the higher-level ship cannons do. There is a damage value. Except for the SDF-1's main cannon, which takes ten minutes to warm up before it fires, but we're talking Death Star style cannon. Damage destroys everything in its path. Everything. So our team decided, let's go hijack the SDF-1. So we went and wiped out the entire crew, kept the few that were necessary as slaves to run the actual ship. Then we asked Todd to hand us one of the other Palladium books, which was the Pantheon book, which had stats and rules for all these different pantheons. All the ancient Sumerian gods, like Apsu, Tiamat, Enki, Marduk. Yeah! They have all the rules for the Norse pantheon, for the Hindu pantheon, and they all had hundreds of millions of hit points, but that didn't matter, because our gun destroyed everything in its path. So we went god hunting! After we took out Thor and Odin with one shot, our GM, Todd, went, "This is so stupid, I'm done." End of the game. But we won! I just envision all the really sweet, well-dressed Macross crew walking across the board in a very Next Gen feel like, "Captain, we need to--" All of a sudden this beam in like an Apok from Wormwood and someone in a glitter boy outfit starts blasting people, laughing the whole time. Thank you, Taliesin. All right, other glasses. AUDIENCE It's good to work the system in your favor, but at the same time if it's at the cost of the narrative and everyone else's enjoyment, then perhaps you need to reassess what kind of game you're playing with. As far as being that guy who constantly messes with the narrative, some people you can curb them to make it work. Sam Riegel's a good example of that. He skirts the line at times, but he never does it to detract from anybody else's experience, and that's the key. When there is somebody like that, you have to talk to them about it. After a game, like, "Hey, man, come here "for a second. I just want to let you know, I know you're having a good time with this, but what "you're doing is kind of ruining the experience for a few other people. Is there any way you can scale "it back or just be mindful of everyone else who's playing as well?" You might be surprised, people might be open to it and be like, "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize that. Okay, cool, thank you for "telling me, I'll keep that in mind." If they're like, "No, screw you, I'm doing this anyway, woo, spring break!" Yeah. So try and talk to them. If that doesn't work out, get with the other players and find out how you can ambush his character. Don't do that. (laughing) Are you serious? Talk to them. If that doesn't work, kill their character. Let's go in the back. You, sir, in the way back with the goatee. Or it might've been a shadow. With the glasses. You. It was a shadow. I'm sorry. But you should grow a goatee, it would look good. Everyone's always go-to is chaotic neutral because you can do anything, and I'm like, "Eh, "but also--" Honestly, I enjoy the idea of playing lawful good to show people that it doesn't have to be that goody two shoes, stick in the mud, ruin everyone else's experience alignment. Yeah! Comparably, lawful evil can be fun to play because even though you tend to skew towards a darker morality, you understand the necessity of structure and order and the necessary circumstances in which you must make alliances you wouldn't normally have, which is one of the few alignments that can work in a good to neutral based group with an evil character. One, if they can keep that kind of under wraps or, conversely, convince the party that it is a mutually beneficial arrangement. They may not trust you, but they may still go along with you. That gives you the opportunity to either try and convert other members of the party or, conversely, over time, maybe see the light. There's a lot of different ways you could play that alignment. It's a difficult one, but it can be a lot of fun. There's a reason why Taliesin is one of my favorite players. I've kept him around for a number of reasons. Well, next campaign. You pick. That's the challenge, especially for larger groups. I would not recommend for anybody a group larger than four or five players. This just happened to be a large party which I took upon as a challenge for myself. AUDIENCE Ten? Why would you do that? Why? You're so crazy! AUDIENCE There you go. Well, now you've been multi-warned. It's a challenge, and you want to be mindful of that, because you don't want any players to feel left out. What you do is, as you're creating story-- not necessarily every session can have a golden moment for every character, but you want to strive for that sort of experience, where you can think of different scenarios where each person has a chance to shine. That's where players writing backstories come in really handy for you, is you can find ways to intertwine their history with the current story thread or future story threads where they not only feel more invested in the current adventure, but you give them an opportunity to really step up and be involved in the resolution of that storyline. But when you're constructing encounters and dangers and traps and various challenges, keep in mind what the strengths of each party member are and what they're good at, and try and tailor experiences where they themselves naturally feel inclined to step up and be like, "Hold on, I got this." As opposed to being like, "There's this thing that you should be "doing, bard." They won't always get it, and that's fine, they'll stumble, because that's half the fun of the game is watching your players fall over and going, "Heh. You poor kids." But it is a challenge. You can only create so much story as a DM when the other half of it is the players picking it up and running with it. It is that collaboration that makes it so magical but also is a little daunting and complicated to prepare for. So be mindful to try and create at least one experience per player per session where they have the opportunity to rise up and shine a bit. Yeah, whether they take it or not. If they don't, then someone else will take it up. (phone rings) Just be mindful of that as you prepare. Yeah. It helps you set up your own mystery. Essentially, you're including the building blocks for a really, really cool series of surprises down the road for you by writing it that way. Mind you, add some structure. Don't hand me a piece of paper that says, "I don't know." The rest of it I went nuts with. All right. Let's see. The glasses and the green shirt back there. AUDIENCE I'll jump in real fast. One thing metagaming isn't a bad word. I want to specify this. Sometimes people on the internet have responded to one of our players unintentionally metagaming. They'll be like, "Oh damn it. I hate when they metagame. It's the worst!" It happens. We're people, and it is a game that we're playing. While there's an in-character element, there is an aspect of our brain that is trying to put the pieces together, you know, from a gamer standpoint. So it's going to happen, intentionally or not. Don't beat yourself up over it by any means. It's one of those things that comes with comfort and experience. The more you're with a character, the easier it is to stay in that mindset. The newer you are to a campaign, you're still feeling out their skin, you're still getting what separates you from that character and being able to jump back and forth. What you're experiencing is not an uncommon thing. Every player goes through that to a certain extent. Us as performers, our lifestyle is jumping into and out of characters, and even we still have it happen every now and then. You can't help it. It's just taking some time to really understand the mindset of your character, think, as opposed to what makes you similar, what makes them so different from you and embrace that difference and really adhere to that the best you can. When the survival instinct kicks in, take a step back, take a breath, and remember what that character's thought process is, what makes them different from you. Then jump back in and hold onto that difference. That's what's going to help you kind of stay in character and keep from metagaming in that moment. It's not perfect. It's hard to be perfect because we're all broken human beings by nature. That's just our existence. But that does help. That's really good. The last thing I'll say on that topic is it's honestly as fun sometimes to let yourself fail than it is to succeed in these RPGs. So when that instinct kicks in, you're like, "I know that's dangerous, I shouldn't go towards it, even though my character wouldn't know." Just think, "But, man, my character walking right into this is going to make such a great surprise moment "for the rest of the characters and the story, I might just have to let it happen." Exactly. Be okay with embracing failure and bad scenarios even though your brain tells you otherwise. If the character wouldn't know, let them walk into that trap! Yeah. We've got time for a few more. Yes, he was. (laughter) AUDIENCE Oh, yeah. I played a Midlands game where I made a guy who's like a 75-year-old, crotchety sharpshooter, but I took every single penalty I possibly could. So he was nearsighted, he was just an ornery fella. He was just the worst person. Nobody liked him. Nobody hung around him. He just got drunk and passed out in every alleyway. Everyone was like, "Why is he still alive, and why "is he still here?" Nobody liked him. But every now and then he could pull out his six-shooter and just destroy-- (Taliesin's phone rings) It was a character that completely broke down when we got to the game, and it was glorious, because every party member had their strength. He was a sharpshooter, but he had terrible vision, and he couldn't shoot anything. So he literally missed every single attack. But man, wasn't he excited to take the credit for every victory they had. He was useless mechanically, but from a story standpoint, he was an amazing character to have for the rest of the party, because he annoyed everybody, but everyone found that that ridiculous confidence and the lack of capability was endearing in a weird way. So he became this mascot of the party for a while. Well, you have to make it in a way where they're comedic, and how ridiculous and over the top they are in their confidence, and still able to buy them a round of drinks, because he's the papa bear who helped save them all. Good question. Let's see. Hi, Vex. AUDIENCE If you wink, you'll probably get advantage. It was a natural 20? On the table. So it was a 14, plus, let's see-- it was a +5 modifier for being proficient in that, so that's 19, plus the charisma bonus, so that's easily 23. Because she multi-classed into rogue and took the expertise feat, it's double proficiency bonus, so-- (applause) (cheering) Hey, man. AUDIENCE To be fair, I was and am that fat guy in the basement arguing about the rules still. That's always been a part of it, but because when it first became a cultural phenomenon, whenever anything is misunderstood at large by the public, people then label it, pigeonhole it, and shove it aside. It's never really been just that. There's been a large faction initially of the Gygaxian era of chainmail players, and there was definitely a-- It's always been more diverse than people expected it to be. I think what the internet's helping with, it's giving a platform for everyone to show how diverse the community has always been, and is continuing to be. I think what's great about livestreaming games and a lot of people being able to be more open about this hobby is it's giving people, one, the confidence to be like, "Oh, yeah, no, I totally play these games, and they're a lot of fun, and here's my gaming "group." Conversely, allowing a whole new generation of people to embrace it because they thought for a long time it was something that you don't talk about, and now it can be cool to discuss about it in the older crowd, and a new generation of people that are being exposed to it for the first time, and being like, "Oh, this is actually really cool and different than any other "form of entertainment I've done," and starting up their own gaming groups in school. Then merging. The fact that the person I've seen geek out hardest over a natural 20 roll is Vin Diesel should help push the diversity factor of how many people have been affected by this type of gaming experience. Yeah. He did all the mocap for Godzilla in the recent Godzilla movie. He was the dungeon master. He had all the books, and was like, "All right, we're making "characters. Sit down." It's always been diverse, and it's continuing to grow more and more so as more people have the opportunity to be exposed to it. Now it's a cool thing to talk about again, which is great. I'm excited to see where it goes from here. Nothing makes me more excited than having people send me pictures of their game group. Some of them are a whole spread of ethnicities, and varying sexes-- Yeah. It's a family thing! I've seen so many people that, like, their kids and their parents play together now, and it's this great bonding experience with the family core. There isn't a lot of opportunity for people to enjoy something as a family quite like this. (maniacal laugh) We've got two more-- we're supposed to rush over to our signing, it's 102. One more quick question. Taliesin, you've got it. That's a way to do it, yeah. AUDIENCE Putting a timer and giving people a very limited period of time to succeed or decide is always fun. Doing the initiative order ahead of time is great. Whatever you can do to reduce the amount of rolls everyone has to make, or doing group rolls. Like if they have to do a group stealth check, designate somebody in the group that is the designated roller for that circumstance, who does like three rolls, average them out. You can find ways to keep those a little more streamlined and creatively come up with ways to help you do that. Also, you can have two DMs. I ran a game for a couple years with me and my friend Zach Hanks both co-DMed, which allowed us both to get together to write the stories. Having someone to bounce story ideas off, which means you construct cooler ideas. Which helps, because then you have half as many NPCs. You designate an NPC to one or the other, and that person always deals with that NPC. Also, you have one person handling the music while you're setting a scene or vice versa. Or while you're tracking initiative and whose turn order it is, he's handling the monster combat rounds. Having a co-DM can be a really good way to alleviate some of that pressure, and plus you have a partner in crime now. Five players. Six and then Sean left. Guys, we are over time for our panel. Thank you so much for hanging. Please don't be pained if we're a little pressed. We have a lot of people we want to get through. We want to make sure everyone gets signed, and we have-- We're trying. We'll shake hands. We love you guys. See you in a minute. [light piano music] AUDIENCE