All righty! Yeah, we can hear you. All right! So we don't keep them glued to their computer for too long, we'll go ahead and start this panel off, which, by the way, is a Critical Role panel. Hi everybody! (cheering) Joining us via satellite, we have the awesome and joyous, beautiful Laura Bailey. (cheering) Yeah, you got to look at the audience. Much better. There you go. So yes, welcome, I'm Matt. I do a thing. AUDIENCE Oh, thank you! So, to begin this panel, I'm curious, how many here have not watched Critical Role? Oh, you're going to be real confused. AUDIENCE Hopefully the person dressed as Scanlan is not the confused person. (laughter) AUDIENCE Maybe this is true. I would ask also, please any questions or statements you have, no spoilers. Many people are at different places in the storyline, so be careful about things you ask or say, to make sure as to not spoil it for anybody. Thank you. Damn it, Travis. That being the case, I would say, first and foremost, if you have any burning questions for our fantastic dynamic duo over in Los Angeles right now, go ahead and raise your hand, and we'll go ahead and call-- right there in the front row! AUDIENCE Good question. AUDIENCE Laura, do you have anything to add since you had a brief foray with chaotic neutral? I think you've make it back to chaotic good. Congratulations. Thank you, good question! Next question, let's go over-- you, sir, with the glasses in the back. Yeah, those glasses! Okay, so what do you find most challenging about playing your characters? Laura, Travis, you guys first. That's half of Dungeons and Dragons, though. (laughter) For my part, the hardest part of NPCing is, one keeping them all straight in your mind at all times because there's a lot of characters to keep track of, so extensive notes help. And, weirdly, a number of communities online have been keeping notes of the NPCs, so it's nice to have a community of people to help me. Someone sent me a link once like, "Yeah, we've cataloged all "your NPCs and all their information about them in this Excel document!" I'm like, "Send me the link, please?" (laughter) No, it's a pain in the ass for me! Because, and part of running a game is, your players are the heroes, and although they're not going to be the forefront of every single story, you want to make sure that they're still central to it. And if you're not careful, or you create characters that are more powerful or capable and more involved in the story than your party, you might end up in a situation where the players go, "Oh, well, let those guys take care of it," and then all of a sudden, you've become the hero of your own game, which is going to be very boring for the rest of the players. So make sure that you give agency enough to the players where you're not stuck having the NPC the hero. Good question! Next up, you choose this one. Hi, Charlie! Charlie's the best. The best animal companion you could ever have. They're both great systems. I feel when you have a very large party, like we have, 5th edition is definitely much more functional. Pathfinder is great if you like systems that are very customizable, and you can minutely tweak the kind of character you want to create, however it does lend itself to a lot of floating, esoteric math, and a lot of modifiers from different sources, and that can get very difficult with larger parties. I found 5th edition was a little easier to weave the narrative into the combat, and simplify some of those mechanics to make it a little better for a larger scheme like that. I prefer 5th edition over them both, but only just barely, because I still played Pathfinder and 3.5 for many years, and I loved the system a lot, but for my narrative preference? I'm a much more narrative-based player than combat system mechanic-based player. If I had to compare the two, I think 5th edition's more my speed. Yeah. Good question! Next up. Travis, you want to pick one? (laughter) I'll take that as-- That's fine. Yes, all right, gentleman right there with the glasses, and the two fingers up. Yes, you. Laura Bailey just picked you from Los Angeles. (laughter) Oh yeah. He said, "What other positive changes has putting our game on the internet given us, outside "of being able to play more often?" That's true. I think that largely the most positive thing that's come out of doing this is the community that's stemmed out of it. Our game is still our game, and we enjoy it thoroughly, and it's still something that we as friends love to do together, now on a weekly basis, but the community that's rallied around this is not only so supportive and so inclusive, but it's inspired so many other people to start their own game that they wouldn't have otherwise. I love how many people come up to us and send us tweets, and are like, "This is a picture of our game group, now, "that meets because we met as fans of the show, and here's our adventure and our characters," and it's a very proud papa feel that we have. That all these people are creating their own stories together. That's the great thing about this type of entertainment is, unlike a film or a television series, this you can watch and be inspired, and have the exact similar, but totally unique experience yourself with your friends at home. Sorry. That's a great piece. That was awesome. All right, next question? Travis, you pick this one. Ooh. What's the most surprising thing you've learned about yourself playing your characters? Good answer. That's the difference between wisdom and intelligence, you can be a very insightful and naturally receptive person to the world around you and still not know anything about it. It's not low. It's higher than average. It's like a 12, I think. Yeah. What about you, Laura? I think my answer is the same as Laura's. I, on a weekly basis, have the most delightful and attractive freeze-frames sent to me on Twitter. It's been great. It has perpetually stomped any semblance of an ego I could have possibly mustered. It's made me a very humble person. Oh yeah. No. It never goes away, guys. It's always there. There's an entire Tumblr that just posts that picture every day. (laughter) Made what?! Okay, do you know what? The fact that I could exist somewhere between those two makes me happy. I'm nowhere near as cool as sad Keanu, but I'm so much better than sad Tobey Maguire. Okay, so I'm happy with that. Awesome. Next question. Let's see. Let's get someone from the back. The giant cat paw over there. AUDIENCE Yeah, for me, dwarves are definitely my favorite race. The awkward Swedish, brain-damaged dwarves are my favorite. Oh, man. Classes-wise? I tend to lean towards magic casters because I like the options of spell use. I think it can be a little overwhelming at times. I tend to lean towards cleric or bard. Both underappreciated for a long time across the board. Bards have definitely come into their own in the new edition. 5e has made bards pretty damn powerful, which I like. Clerics as a support class still don't get the love and, for how necessary they are for a good functional party. At large. You don't have to come up with songs, that's just Sam being an asshole. (laughter) The bard is high. (booing) You're making shit up. No. They have auras that can help people that are nearby, their presence is helpful. Yes, you are. There is actually a feat called Inspiring Leader where you get to do that no matter what class you are, which is pretty fun. Awesome, next question. Yeah, Marisha, you pick this one. I'd allow it. AUDIENCE If a character wanted to come back as chaotic evil-- (laughter) Evil characters, especially lawful evil, understand the necessity of allies and they keep that under wraps, then the party doesn't know you're evil, and you coordinate well and manipulate your-- (laughter) Perfect. All right, let's go next question. Let's go over here on the far side. Okay, well then, do you have a question for Laura or Travis? Okay, we'll get to you after this. What's your question for Laura and Travis before they go? AUDIENCE But is he hoarding the dice because he wants to or because that's how he can keep them from actually being out in the open? He's trying to protect the rest of the world from the dice he's touched. You know Wil, the Sin-Eater, the Sin-Swallower Wheaton. (laughter) All right guys, thank you so much for taking the time, we'll take it from here. Have a wonderful night! (cheering and applause) Thank you, we'll see you soon! All right, now that they're gone. It's like, "Oh, we've got to go now. Bye!" See you, buddy! That shirt is at least AC 12, I'm pretty sure. Which means he has a low armor class, he's going to die. That was weird. (laughter) Yes, if you want your campaign to be a little more story, narrative, role-playing focused, the first step is talking to the party about that. You want to talk to the players and be like, "Hey guys, I would like this game to be more role-playing heavy. Are you all cool with that?" Because you can't force the players to play a way if they don't want to play that way. If you want to run a game like that and the players don't, then maybe you need to find other players for that particular campaign. Otherwise, you're going to end up pissing each other off, or one side's going to be unhappy with it. So talk to them, and if they're all up for the challenge, then discuss how you plan to do so. Ways you can do that is have each person develop a stronger backstory for their character that you can either incorporate into the narrative, or at least, they have a strong idea of where their character choices can come from. A fun way to do this is to challenge them to make a character that is drastically different from themselves. Usually when you start playing a game, it's instinctual to make a character that's similar to you because it's what you understand the best, and it's a good introduction to a role-playing experience because a lot of your decisions are the kind of decisions you would make. A fun challenge to make a character that is very different-- like Marisha making Keyleth was a ballsy move, very different from you, but it allows you to-- It's very true. Just for one session. I recommend having that conversation with people. Then the background helps them decide where they come from for their character and their choices. Engaging people in a role-play standpoint, a lot of it is on the burden of the GM to directly engage with them as NPCs. There's a difference between looking at a paper being, "As you enter the bar, the bartender says, 'Hi, would "'you like a drink?' So do you guys want to buy drinks?" The difference going, "As you enter the "bar, the bartender spins his head towards you, his eyes meet yours, (gruff voice) 'You! Come sit down "'at the table! Now, could I get you a drink?'" The player almost has no choice necessarily except to answer them as a conversation. I they go, "Well, I tell them perhaps yes, we'll buy drinks," be like, "Okay, well then, tell me as your character." Then, "Yes, we'll be happy to sit down and buy "drinks!" That little moment has already engaged them a little bit beyond their comfort zone. Little moments over time help the players be more comfortable to play in that space. It is uncomfortable for a lot of people at first, so you have to be patient with them, and try your best to pull them in, and at the end of the session, have a little post-mortem and ask, "What'd you like "about it, what you didn't like. Next time, we'll try a little more of this." Yeah, baby steps, because for some people, it's not a very comfortable space to be. If they're willing to try, then keep pushing it ever so slowly in that direction, and over time, you'll eventually get to a better role-playing story. The book comes out right around GenCon. Hope you like it. (applause) It goes into a Silmarillion-like history of creation, creation myth of Exandria, the immediate history of Tal'Dorei post the Divergence or the Calamity. Then it goes into all the geography and various locations and information about them as story hooks that you can use in your campaign for a lot of the locations there. I have a bunch of additional Vestiges in the book as well, I have some new backgrounds that are specific, I have some-- There's a misconception that Ashari are all druids, they're not. They're an entire people-- a tribe. The druids tend to be the top of hierarchy because of their nature-based power, but there are people that are just farmer Ashari, warriors, protectors, and so Ashari is a background that can be applied to any class. If you're pretty creative you can come up with an Ashari warlock but it is possible. I have new backgrounds based on different locations, and you can make a member of the Clasp if you wanted to-- Look at that, boom. It's done. I never said you couldn't! Yes, you can. I've got more new feats you can try out. Some fun things. Some new optional rules like different resurrection rules, the one we use in the campaign now. Some other optional resurrection rules I put in there. The corruption system that you saw a little bit of in Whitestone, that's in the book as well. It's like a pared down version of the Heroes of Order book version. It's got some fun stuff. It's been unhealthy. Almost done. I can get back to the gym again. Thank you, good question. All right, let's see. I'm going to go ahead and-- When a green person is pointing at you, you have to choose that hand. All right, sir, you with the beard. Actually, to counter that a bit. Not all enemies have this, but the legendary actions system does offset that tremendously. If any creature you're worried about will be steamrolled, as a singular or small-scale opposition, you can add a series of legendary actions where you can-- usually they have three legendary actions per round they can do and they have different attacks they can use at the end of somebody else's turn, which is pretty useful. Also, if you have a large party, you can customize some abilities or add abilities to certain creatures that can hit multiple characters. Like sweep attacks that can get things apart or an attack that has a cone as opposed to a singular target. Those are cool ways to customize and help out in that regard. That comes with experience and figuring it out as you go. I find legendary actions helps a lot and giving them more mobility, because when you have a lot of players on the field, it's hard for creatures to move around without taking a shit-ton of attacks of opportunity. You can give them a legendary action they can spend once that lets them move their speed without taking attacks of opportunity against them. Now they have a lot more battlefield mobility, they can get to places that are advantageous to them without being smacked by four PCs as they go by. In fact, there's a GM Tips episode that talks about that a bit too. But those are some of my most basic recommendations for that. We have 16 up and think I have four more coming up pretty soon. Yeah, they're quick. They're bite-sized. They're general tips, and if you want more nuts and bolts, a good friend of ours, Matt Colville, has a number of great videos on Youtube, on his channel. He gets into the real nitty-gritty of ways to build worlds, encounters, theories, and running games, as well as players. Highly recommend that. Not every battle has every single piece in the field at once. Sometimes things will surprise them midway through. Sometimes part of the initial conflict is actually a distraction for the actual ambush that's making its way from the opposite side. Think of ways that you can turn it on the players' head, where it's not just these chess pieces versus these chess pieces. You mix up the encounter structure to keep players confused, and make them feel threatened, even though it's not intended to be a full TPK. They could probably win this battle, but what if the enemies have higher ground and have the ability to pour hot oil onto them on the field? A couple of goblins can be pretty nasty if they have that type of an advantage, so those are cool little ways to tweak it as well. That was the mind-- AUDIENCE No, it wasn't the Mind Flayer. Sorry, everyone said blah at once. AUDIENCE Brain Devourer, thank you. Yeah, that guy was fun. DND comes from a long-standing, wonderful bloodline in history of making things that are just shitty, and then seeing what you can do about it. You're like, "Oh, this guy only does six "damage. But if I miss the saving throw, I'm dead?" What? What? Gygax is somewhere in heaven, going, "Hahahahaha". (laughter) Doors apparently will fuck up your party, I discovered. It's not that I make the doors hard-- You roll terribly every time. There was somebody that mentioned to me a while back, Doordak the Cedar King. (laugher) You really only went to one town in the Feywild. It was Syngorn. It's a fun place. AUDIENCE You didn't really visit that so much as you-- Yeah, yeah. (laughs) "Oh, these poor werewolves. Got to help them." To be fair, the pixies were dicks. They were. I'm not going to comment on which side was better than the other, but either choice would have looked shitty, regardless. City of Brass is D&D, yeah. Ank'Harel-- that will be in a book sometime in the future, maybe. If this one does well, then maybe we'll do other continent. Wildemount, Issylra, and Marquet all are their own spaces. Oh, man. I have a special place in my heart for a couple of reasons Sigil. (pronounced "siggle") (laughter) Next question. Okay, I'm going to go way back, hiding behind the pillar with your hand up in the fuzzy wrist and wearing an awesome t-shirt. Out of all the NPCs and players? AUDIENCE Even guests? (groaning) That's a loaded question. It's an interesting question. Marisha? (laughter and applause) Oh, man. (groans) I'm partial to Gilmore. (cheering) Least favorite Wil Wheaton, only for his rolls. I really wanted to see his character do well. I was like, "Yes. Dwarf! Finally, we have a dwarf PC in the game. Oh, and he's a fighter! "Great. He's going to get-- he's doing nothing. And nothing. Great." At least now we know that the curse is real. That blew my fucking mind! You're like, "Oh, it's scripted." It's like, "No!" After that episode, four or five string theory theoretical physicists were in a room going, "No! No! It's ruined everything!" It's okay. You don't have to spare me. Only Kima gets to call her that. The rest of the panel is us awkwardly dancing to nothing. I'm glad you waited a while! Yes, actually. Almost all my NPCs, if they're not improvised in the moment, where I'll make a note later, I'll write next to their name. I'll have their name in bold on whatever my note sheet is, and then in parentheses and italics next to it, I'll put a few notes about their voice, like low, gravelly, slightly off-putting personality, close parentheses. (shouting) Ian Sinclair! Yes, actually. No, west country. Yeah. That was the slowest "Oh yeah!" There it is. (laughter) Victor was improvised. AUDIENCE The notes I have now for him? I don't need notes for Victor. Those are NPCs that are so poignant in your mind, like Gilmore or Allura, or those guys. I don't need to remember their notes, necessarily. Victor quickly became one of those. It's hard to forget that, and the internet made sure that I would never forget it. That's a huge tool for me. And if worse comes to worst, if you know the story is going in a certain place, you can also record those NPC voices at the end of the session, a couple of short audio files in your phone, then before the game when your next session starts, you can give a quick listen to remind yourself of the place you were at. Hopefully that helps. Awesome. (accented) Let's see. I'm going to pick-- let's go-- oh, there are so many hands! You, sir. You've been on the side here for a bit. AUDIENCE Which, by the way, we are playing D&D partially because it's what I grew up with, and it's the mainstay. Because for a lot of these people, D&D was their first game, D&D is the easiest entry point. If you tell a bunch of people, "Hey, guys, let's go play Traveler!" They'd be like, "I don't know what that is." If you say, "Dungeons & Dragons," they get an idea, at least, what they're in for. Especially with 5th Edition, I've come to really love the new edition. If it weren't D&D or Pathfinder? Oh, man. I'd love to run a Call of Cthulhu game. 1920s, original era. That'd be fun. I love Deadlands as a setting, too. Got to do the one-shot for that, the Deadwood one-shot. Which was fun. I got to say all the things I never get to say on stream. Oh! Exalted. Exalted would be fun, too. Exalted is crazy. When we say it's like an anime character, the idea is you build a character who has abilities that can be made into a combo, and you get additional benefits for how crazy stupid the attack was. The crazier you describe it, the GM's like, "All right, you get two bonus dice because that shit sounds nuts!" (laughter) Good. AUDIENCE Oh, man. I would say Curse of Strahd-- AUDIENCE Curse of Strahd's a great one. For anybody who wants a little bit of gothic horror in their fantasy tropes, Curse of Strahd or the original Expedition to Ravenloft are amazing games. I love those. As far as other ones, I really liked the political elements of Storm King's Thunder that came out last year. I felt that giants are an under-utilized creature that when you think of giants in fantasy, especially a D&D setting, you don't get that depth of an idea what their culture is or what their personality is. Just, "This is a big guy who has fire! This is a big guy who has "ice!" So it was really cool for them to bring in the different cultures and how they intersect, and the breaking of the Ordning, and the vying for the top position within that hierarchy of giant culture, so I thought it was a really cool setting. Chris Perkins and the team over there did an amazing job with it. I think Storm King's Thunder is a really cool setting. It's a little more elaborate and political at times, so it's a good way to get you into that type of game if you haven't had that before. If your gamers are more of a "kick down door, kill monsters, take loot," it might be not quite their speed. For that, you'd do maybe the Mines of Whatever-the-fuck-it's-called. AUDIENCE Yes, that one. The Mines of Whatever the Fuck It's Called! Official title. Eberron's a great setting, by the way. Keith Baker did a great job with the Eberron setting. They have some stuff. The new artificer class technically originated in the Eberron setting, though I know Keith Baker wasn't involved in the development of the new one. But yeah, those would be my recommendations. All right, let's-- I have to pick Percy. Sorry. You put a lot of effort into that. AUDIENCE Favorite lighthearted moments in the game. Not just flying cows, but masquerading as cows via Seeming and then interrogating cows. Thinking that cows could be useful to interrogate. That was the weirdest, unintentional E.T. parody ever. They're coasting over the moon. Oh my god, because the cows are jumping over the moon, I get it now. Oh my god, it never ends! That was pretty great. Oh man, the fact that a party member would stop in the middle of traversing a duergar stronghold in the Underdark to take a shit on a bed for no reason. For no reason! Every pub crawl you guys go on is great. Yeah, kind of. He's brilliant. Once again, why I love bards. The fact that there are ways you can kill enemies by mocking them to death was one of the best utility elements in any RPG ever. It's beautiful. Just because you are the most powerful heroes in the land doesn't mean you can't still be a bunch of dumbfucks. I love it. Awesome. Let's see, let's go way over there. Yes you, by the wall. AUDIENCE The question was, as a DM, do I wish I could play once in a while and somebody else can DM. I mean, yeah, every now and then, but if I compare the experience of being a player and a DM, honestly, I enjoy the experience of running a game so thoroughly, and being able to provide that experience for other people, that I prefer DMing over playing, for me at least. But it is nice to occasionally get to play in something, and so, with our campaign, it's a little difficult because it's an ongoing story and it's not something I can hand off since I created the whole thing. I know we've talked about, coming up soon when we finish the current arcs, you guys tie up some loose ends, we might take a short, couple-week break from the main story and maybe have Liam run a game for us, in which case I could play. (applause) That's true, for us. Yeah, it happens occasionally. I do miss it, but if I had to pick, I prefer to GM than play, really. Which, by the way, let that be a point to you guys out there who are ever curious about GMing. Please do it, it's so much fun. It's a little bit more work on your point, and at first, it can be a lot to wrap your head around, but once you get into it, there's nothing quite as fulfilling as creating an experience for other people and watching them enjoy it. It's such an awesome gift. AUDIENCE Watch them die, that can happen too. But you guys also build the story in the world. That's the thing, people will say, "I love "what you create for the show!" I'm like, "I create a stage, everyone else creates the narrative." It's one of the wonderful things about D&D is that it's such a collaboration. Each person brings such an amazing, different type of story to the overall narrative. Every game that any of us have played in a roleplaying game, it's everyone making it together. So I'm just one part of that engine. So are you! Appreciate your players and players, appreciate your GMs, please. Good question! It helps, one, to very quickly establish what makes that city unique against the other ones they've already encountered. There you go, thank you. So making cities feel unique to your players. First thing about what makes it unique. What do you want the players to think about when they think of this city down the road? Is it a very militaristic law, everyone lives under an iron fist and is trying desperately to eke out what freedoms they can? Then you would pose that by mentioning how well-armored and how present the guards are, and how clean the streets are and how everyone seems to be very eager to do their job and not stray. Architecture helps too. If it's a very destitute location, you can talk about how the streets themselves are not well-kept. What was once cobblestone has been broken and cracked and filled with mud. Every cart seems to have a hard time making its way through the main thoroughfare. The sound of nearby insects buzzing ever-presently causes you to feel unrest in the presence of this city. What I think also helps too is to think of what the political structure is in that city. Is it a free republic, is it an oligarchy and the people that rule the town are the business heads, and as such, the one beautiful-looking district is the one that contains all the guilds and all the money, and the rest is left to flounder and barely exist? Is it a monarchy, or is it a committee that runs everything, and it seems to be a free-spirited, socialist atmosphere, and what is befalling that type of a thing as well, so they're infighting within that cycle now that everyone's equal? Being in that political structure can be an easy way to think how the rest of the town functions. Does everyone work collaboratively, or is everyone in competition with each other? That can breed an atmosphere that the players can encounter very quickly when they enter. So you think of those notes when you build the city, and then as they enter it, you find what visually marks it separately, and the further they begin to talk to people, you think of what politically and socially makes it separate and different. That's a good thing to establish, even if you haven't. When you've built the infrastructure of a city with all of the things I mentioned before, the other elements that you hadn't thought of will be easy to rationally think up on the spot. Because if it's a really clean, militaristic city, what is it in that type of atmosphere that people would be seeking more often than not? It might be illegal substances, it could be-- Yeah, weapons, things to defend themselves. Is there a rebellion within the city that's trying to eventually overthrow the militaristic political structure and if so, are they bringing that trade in? These are all things that you can improvise once you have enough of the structure in place, then you rationalize the next step. The other key to being a DM is when you make shit up, act like you had it the entire time. Most of running a game is making shit up. Most of it is, but if you say it confidently, and the players don't know, you're the only one who knows. Like Victor! I was like, "Oh yeah, totally had him designed! No." I'd say a good half of the NPCs you guys have talked to are all things that I pulled out of my ass because I didn't know what you were doing. But if you say it with conviction, they won't know. But if you do that, write it down, take notes. I don't know. (laughter) No, to answer your question, yes, she was. Yeah. I wasn't expecting you guys to go to her so soon, and I hadn't finished fleshing out the specifics of the current Ravenite structure that was taking over. I was focusing on the current path that you guys were on. It's always a chase, it's always trying to develop as much as I can ahead of them, but also have a life and a career and, you know, eat, sleep, and breathe occasionally. There will be a bunch of cases where I think I know where the players are going, and I'll develop a lot of preparation in this direction, and then right as it's about to hit, they go this way. I'm like, "Oh, okay. Let's see where this goes!" I had to go into my Google Drive-- I had to go to the Cliffkeep Mountains portion of the campaign guide that I had written to go look up Terrah. That's how it works. A lot of it's improvisation and trying to play it off like you had it under control the entire time. All right, we'll start getting into more lightning-round mode over here. Not full sincere lightning round, but we've got to try to get some fast answers so we can answer a lot more questions. Because we got a few out there. Let's go with Scanlan in the back. I mean, I have to. Easy tricks? Music to me always helps build atmosphere. It's so simple and you can make playlists for different moods. Great resources are movie soundtracks. When you stream it online, you can only have music that you have approval for, but previously it was Conan the Barbarian soundtracks, Lord of the Rings soundtrack, all these great fantasy soundtracks that you know of, use those! No reason not to. And set playlists based on if it's a battle theme or a peaceful theme or if it's a tense theme. That's a really easy trick. Also, you as the GM, you guide the energy of the room. If you're lulling, the players will lull too, so you have to put a little extra energy into it to make sure that as you're talking, you're engaging, you're looking players in the face. You can look at notes, but make sure that if you have notes in front of you, you take enough time to look up and still engage. If you're down here the whole time describing the dungeon they went into, everyone's going to start checking their texts. Eye contact makes a big difference, surprisingly. Keeping them fed. Food's a big deal. The classic idea of eating Cheetos and drinking Mountain Dew, it's like, no, that shit worked! For a reason! It's pretty rad, mimosa D&D is greatly recommended. If you have players that have a hard time engaging or paying attention, if they themselves are doing so almost out of spite, or if you want them to pay attention more, you can always watch them as they begin to wander and have something really bad happen to their characters. "As Joraya "began to nod off in the sack in the corner, he didn't realize his purse strings seem to have been snipped, and "his coins are all missing. Oops. Maybe you should've been paying attention, buddy." That also gets their attention. Thank you for having us! That's a great question. Has real world events changed the way we've made the game. I mean, each one of us as players have things that happen in our lives that affect how we play our characters, and if any of us go through a period of dark reality in our own world, it's hard to not let that bleed a little into our characters. That's going to happen. Which can also be therapeutic, too. Your frustrations can be worked through in a safe space, as well. As far as the overarching build of the campaign... any of the bad stuff that's happening in the world around us has happened before, for hundreds and thousands of years of human civilization's history in different facets, so all the great stories, all the great conflicts are all inspired by things that are happening or have happened before. I can't say that things aren't influenced by it, but not directly. I'm not trying to make a statement with any of the stories. I prefer to make those statements directly, on social media, because I do have my own opinions and beliefs, and I wish to inspire people to stand up for those, as well, regardless of which side of which spectrum you stand on. I firmly believe that with the attention we have on us, we have a responsibility as figures in a space to at least try and inspire other people to be good people. Whatever that means to you. I don't build our story to be any sort of political agenda, by any means, but I'm sure there's influence, regardless, because all good stories take influence from the world around you. I like to kill dragons. All right, let's see if we can cruise through some of these questions here. Good question. As a GM, how do you keep people from metagaming? As a player, how do you stop yourself from metagaming? As a GM, remind them that they're metagaming and not to do it. If it begins to happen, you can say, "you don't know that" or "you actually don't have that "information, so you can't use that in the circumstance." It's usually not intentional. There are some people that might push the boundaries, and if you do, then you can implement punishments for metagaming. But talk to them first. Let them know in the moment. Be like, "technically, you don't know that" or "you're not there" or "that's "information that you would not be aware of," and if you're the player getting this, be like, "you're right; never mind." Accept it. That's part of the structure of the narrative, and that's part of what makes the challenges interesting in the game is player knowledge and character knowledge being totally different things. Travis is a great example. Travis knows a lot more of what's going on, but he doesn't act on it, because he's dumb in the game. And it's great! That's my recommendation. Catch it when it happens and politely notify, and if they keep pushing the envelope on that, maybe their character suddenly has a stroke. (laughter) You always see conversations online after certain episodes, where people mention it. "Oh, "so-and-so totally metagamed that, and it really pisses me off that this player metagames so much." I'm like, "No, they don't! And if they did, so what? We're having fun!" Correct it when it happens. All right. Next question. Maybe rapid-fire. Quick, one-sentence answers here. We'll grab a bunch. Seven fingers pointing at this gentleman. All right, fine. AUDIENCE So railroading vs open world? The trick is, when you create a story, instead of making a single line that gets you there, make bullet points. Going to this location, talking to this NPC, discovering this clue, reading this note, finding this item, final story beat. That way, you can plug those bullet points wherever they need to be. You can still have them explore, but don't feel like you're locked in and they have to find this clue at this house. If they end up wandering too far this direction, have them find the clue at that house. Still gets them to the same point, but it gives the players the agency to discover and still wander and guide their own story. It may go off the rails for a bit, but you don't want them to completely wander off and disappear forever. You can find ways to get them back by still letting them be the ones that discovered it. Make certain elements of your story hook or story plotline flexible and able to plug in at different places so they still guide where it goes. Starting Exandria happened when we finished our one-shot and everyone went, "Let's play "again!" I went, "Oh. Okay. I guess I should make more." I'd only made Stillben. I only made the single town. That's where it started. It wasn't Exandria then. It was just Stillben, then Westruun. I guess I should call this place something. I'll call it Tal'Dorei. That sounds fun. Okay, I should make a capital city for Tal'Dorei. I'll make Emon. So as we kept playing, and the further they went into the continent, I began to build places based on where I thought the story would go next, so it was this slow connect-the-dots over the years. And then as it progressed, I kept building parts to it, and eventually, we had a show. I was like, "Oh shit, I "have to make this seem like it has cohesiveness. I should have a little more so I'm prepared and so "the internet doesn't kill me." I began to expand from there. I had the name Exandria before we started streaming, but then I began to mention it, and people were like, "Oh! I love the world. I'd "love to play in it someday." I was like, "Oh, that would be cool, I guess." And Green Ronin was like, "Hey, Matt. Let's make a book." I was like, "What? Sure, that sounds like fun. Oh god, I have to "write that. I have to make all of it." When I became comfortable releasing it? We'll see at GenCon. We'll see. We'll see if everyone buys the book and is like, "This is cool!" or "This is the "worst!" And I'll be like, "I'm sorry! I tried!" I hope it's not that case, but it's also my first book, so we'll see. I hope it's good. I think a lot of that depends on party size, too. The game is generally geared for about four players. We have more than that. We have seven players, sometimes eight with a guest. What that does is it slows combat down, and combat can become more of a slog if you're throwing in encounters for the sake of having encounters. For me, I tend to side more on having fewer, more interesting battles than having a large series of quick encounters, which aren't quick even if you try to make it quick with that many players. It also depends on what kind of play style you want. If people like the idea of being more of a "I want to beat shit up and take things. I want to use my "class abilities in combat and be a war hero," then that can work out really well for you to do a series of rapid encounters and different unique ways of that type of storytelling. For us, at least, I prefer to do more of a lean to set-piece battles, and certain small encounters that can lead up to it, especially if it's a dungeon crawl or for Emon, in a recent episode, they bypassed a bunch of encounters that I'd prepared, but I don't want to take away from the players for being clever and bypassing circumstances and force them into an encounter just because I made it, and you're going to fight it! I don't think that's a lot of fun. So for me, the balance depends on the players, what they're interested in, and if you feel like you're throwing in three or four arbitrary battles and the players are like, "Oh, look. Another orc "ambush," then maybe you don't need to do that as much. You're not behooven to the balance of the system, because you can tweak the system to be whatever you want it to be. I've tweaked a lot in our game to make it interesting for what our play style is. It's just a baseline. All the rules are guidelines for people that walk into it and need something to work of off. The more you play and the more experience you have, you can then take those guidelines to tweak and move them to better fit something that is more fun for you and your players. Yeah, I suppose. I spoke of that a little bit, too, and I may talk more on that in the future. Yeah, the idea that not every creature has to be so powerful that it has more hit points and it takes longer. You can increase their damage. You want to make a battle to go a lot faster but still feel dangerous? Have an enemy that usually does 12 points of damage do 24 on a hit. Yeah, lair actions are not exclusive to creatures. A lair action could be a terrain action, if you want to. If you have a battlefield that has a dangerous element to it, if it has a roaring lava path or there's a possible landslide and it's very sensitive, rocky terrain that could collapse at any time, you can have a counter where if a player does a certain trigger, oops! Now the battlefield is partially eroding beneath you. I was like, "This is going to be an great villain exit moment when he hits the "button." And nope, their friend's going to do it for them. That's so much more delicious! But what a gracious way to die. I think we've got time for one more question. 730 to 930 we're signing tonight. As a player, that has definitely happened. That was pretty rad, and as far as players, yeah. I've done it in previous campaigns, and there is something delightful about the palpable frustration on the GM's face. Comparatively, if you've built a lot to it and want the villain to really make an impact, consider an intelligent villain will have an escape path. Not every battle has to be fought to the bitter end, and a smart enemy knows that if they're losing to run and come back later much more prepared. Consider ways to escape. But that's a perfect example. You don't want to rob the players of a good, clever victory, too. If your players do really well and surprise you and steamroll a powerful guy, good on them! And let them know, "Wow, you guys really stepped up." And learn from that adventure, and the next villain they fight is going to destroy them. But think of escape mechanisms. Especially if it's a home-turf advantage for the villain, what could they have established or built or prepared in that home turf to better their advantage in the combat? What happens if all of a sudden they have a way of closing off half the party, where now they're only fighting half of the adventurers and the others are locked away, fighting some other creature that's in this chamber they got teleported toward, and they can't go and help until they defeat what that thing is. That's horrifying for a party, especially when they've built up their dynamic as players to work well as a cohesive unit, and you divide the unit? That's so scary! And awesome as a GM! So think of those clever villains, what they could use to their advantage, and how could they escape if things go poorly, and if they manage to escape, what are they going to bring back next time to be sure that it goes in their favor? And sometimes it doesn't happen. The dice ultimately run the game, and you have to accept that. Ripley's a perfect example of a really smart villain that knew exactly what to set up, and it worked out great and almost killed the entire party, and it was awesome. (laughter) You did! Every single step! I couldn't hide my smile. I know. Generally, if you have something in your class that can use a bonus action, that's how you get to it. It's not like everybody has a bonus action, but certain things can utilize that. We have a couple of homebrew things. One, we homebrewed it that potions can be used as a bonus action as opposed to an action, because nothing's worse when you have a large party and you have to wait six or seven player turns and enemy turns to get to your turn and you're like, "All "right, cool. I drink a potion. That's it." If you've waited 30 minutes and that's all you do, that sucks, so I decided as an option-- which is one of the things I mentioned in the campaign guide as one of the optional rules-- adjusting some things to make combat go faster or have players feel like they can do more with their turn, if you're running a faster game or a larger party. And I also just noticed there's a Dr. McNinja behind you, and that's awesome. Well done. But yeah, so that's one. Also, and I toyed with it a bit, being able to cast-- 2nd-level spells, as well as any other spell in the same round. Usually, as the rules are written, you can only cast one 1st-level spell or higher per round, and a cantrip. There's a metamagic ability that sorcerers have where you can spend sorcery points to make a quickened spell, where you can cast a spell that usually takes an action as a bonus action. You can cast two spells in one round, but you're still limited that one of them has to be a cantrip, and the other can be any type of spell. Well, when you have a lot of players, as well, that can be frustrating for the same reasons that the potion is difficult, so I made it to try it out. You can cast two spells in the same round, as long as one of them is 2nd-level or lower. That does enable more bonus actions than would normally be there. So we do have some homebrew elements that we do put into the game, partially because I wanted to try them out and see how it worked, and the system was new to us, and also because we wanted to keep combat more useful and let the players feel like they were doing more with their actual rounds than they normally do. That's actually one of the feats in the book that I put in there, an optional feat. If you don't want to make it a baseline rule in your game, you can have somebody take the feat, and it allows them to do that, and it has a prerequisite as part of it where you have to be a certain level so you aren't taking the feat at first level and breaking the game at the lower levels. I found ways to implement it and balance it. You're all 16, almost on 17. (singing) You are 16, going on 17. (laughter) Hope that answered your question. All right. OFFSCREEN Yeah, we've got to clear the room for the next panel, guys.