Oh, hai. Adjusting our chairs the whole-- Orderly. Calmly, respectfully. Oh! Can we get some audio on that mic, if you don't mind? Could you count down for us? Ten to one. Okay, count down in the microphone for us. We got it, all right, thank you. I mean, when the characters create their backstories and such, I let them– they'll ask me some semblance of the world and, you know, locations and stuff, and I'll give them some places they can pull from and they create from there. Background elements, that's mainly their creation, and then I incorporate and tweak things as it goes. But as far as things that are coming up in the story, no, I want to surprise them as the character would know. I mean, if it's something that I feel needs to be a discussion, I don't want to-- if I feel that it'll deter or alter heavily a direction they want to go with the character, then maybe I'll be like, "Hey, how do "you feel about me tweaking with something that you had already established?" But, generally, I want the character to experience it with the player and vice-versa. So that really came to fruition with the Briarwood arc. Yeah, the whole Orthax, the whole smoke demon, that was not converted. It was just a dream of some dark entity that inspired him, and everything else extrapolated from there. Good question. Which, by the way, just out of curiosity, raise your hand if you've not seen any Critical Role or have any idea what it is. I am so excited for you. You're going to be so confused this entire panel, it's going to be great. But so you're aware, Critical Role is a Twitch stream where a bunch of nerdy-ass voice actors, present company included, play Dungeons and Dragons once a week. So this is our D&D game where we roll dice and get really geeky. (cheering) Part of your role as a DM or GM is you're trying to ascertain the probable direction they'll take and prepare for that, and then try and prepare for a couple of alternate scenarios. Sometimes they'll shoot close to one of those, and you can tailor some ideas to make it work, sometimes they end up going directly where you thought they were going and you're like yes! Then sometimes they'll go a complete 180 and you're having to fly by the seat of your pants. There are a number of times that happened. Let's see. Well, I wasn't irritated, I was like all right, this is where we're-- I'm never irritated by it. Yeah. You were like, "Well, we're not going there. We're not going there. We're going there." I'm like, oh okay, guess we're going there. The whole intro sequence of them arriving at the City of Brass, the meeting of Senokir as an NPC. That was all improvised. That whole sequence. I had nothing prepared. Because I didn't think they were going to go there. I had a semblance of some things they might encounter in that area, but I hadn't fleshed it out fully yet. So yeah, it happens. Often. More often than you'd think. Huh. That's an interesting thought. I'd say probably Kiritsugu Emiya from Fate/Zero. Because he's a combination of a really awesome and powerful rifleman and assassin-type character, but has some powerful self-altering magics and just has an interesting disposition and moral quandary about his character, so he'd be a fun one to roleplay, definitely. Good to see you, man. Okay, and let's preface this because some people may not have seen the battle royale on Thursday. Let's try not to spoil things, necessarily. We'll try. Okay, then do what you will. I'll come dressed as Paul Bearer and be like, one of you's going to die! Grog versus Keyleth. One night only. The thing is, with you as well, you and Grog both have the highest probability of taking down a single person in one round of combat. You from anywhere on the map, and between Bad News and a well-rolled Violent Shot, you could probably kill any member of the party, except for Grog, in one hit. That's fine, you don't have to have it on you to invoke the pact. (laughter) I appreciate the offer, however I have played Frozen Throne, and I know better. I've seen what that sword-- No man, I spent way too long getting Shadowmourne, okay? I'm having flashbacks. Terrible flashbacks. Brian rewards sass. Hey, what's your name? Spice. Spice? Oh man. I have a few answers here, because it's hard to put one in there. Allura is the most self-insertion character I have in the campaign. That to me is the most true to myself. Gilmore is such a delightful character. I love playing as him. Interacting as him. Raishan is such a delicious villain to play as. Yeah, I'm not going to say much more than that. Raishan was an amazing villain to play. So those are my answers. (as Sun Tree) "Thanks, Kiki." Your head hurt? (as Victor) "Learn from my mistakes!" Doing well, Justin. How about yourself? Oh man, that's a great question. I'd have to say... I was playing a dwarven fighter, my first time playing a combat class, because I was always casters, named Kradin Grimthorne who I named the Brawlers' League dwarf who ended up representing you guys after. I kind of used that character in this one. But it was just playing a really angry, tough little son of a bitch. At one point, we were climbing down this big ravine where this magical tower was at the bottom that was in the recess to stay hidden. There was somebody in there we had to talk to. So we were climbing down this hundreds and hundreds of feet with our climbing gear, and at that moment we started being assaulted by wyverns that had nested into the side of this hill. As they start running out, and swiping down and attacking, the rest of the party is like, "Oh my god, we got to go!" and they're all climbing down quickly and trying to get down as fast as they can. I was like, "No! I think one of these "can hold my weight. I'm going to wait until one of them comes for me." The DM was like, "Okay, you "realize you're still 600 feet up from the bottom of the ravine," and I'm like, "Oh, I know." So I'm just holding my action, and holding my action, with my hand on the rope, and one wyvern swipes in to strike, I take the hits, and I'm like, "I grapple him." "All right, roll for it." I grab on, and I manage to get up onto the wyvern and onto its back and clutch it by the back of the neck and start trying to coast it into the side of the ravine to try and control it and knock it a little dizzy. I proceed to roll really well, then really poorly, then really well, and in the process both of us get bludgeoned by the side of the ravine within an inch of our life. Eventually, getting it down to the bottom before the rest of the party, I actually swoop past them and they're all screaming, "What are you doing?" I'm like, "Doing what a dwarf does, win!" I slam it into the bottom of the ravine and we both go tumbling over, I have three hit points left, it's on the ground going (snarling). It's trying to get itself back up, and I walk up, pull out my ax and I'm like, "I win." Shwoop, and I took its head off as a trophy, wore it on my belt for a while. It got really stinky, I didn't care, I wanted people to see what I did! That was Grimthorne. Part of what helps with the training of an actor, is really what we do as actors is the study of human beings, and the study of the human condition, the complexities of a person, so coming to it from that standpoint, when you create an NPC, you think, okay, what abilities they have, what classes they are, what their background is, what faction they work for, are they good, are they bad, what loot do they have, that's the core skeleton. But then you consider, what are their passions, what are their goals, what is it they're ultimately trying to achieve, and how far are they willing to go to achieve that? Then you consider what are their deepest fears, what are the things that drive them to desperation, what are the things that drive them to flee, what are the things that drive them to discard allies. Then you begin to break down subtleties of their history and their personality. Really, one of the keys you come to is even villains have a reason to how they got there. Really good villains are those that you can understand why they became villains. It doesn't mean you have to necessarily feel bad for them, but there is a throughline of going, okay, I understand why this individual became who they are. Many villains don't see themselves as villains, they see themselves as doing what's necessary for the greater good, and not realize the ramifications of their actions. So honestly, studying characters, studying people, and a lot of the basics of creating a character from a performer's standpoint can work really well with the creation of characters for your game, that will feel more breathing and living and intricate. In my opinion. You need to talk a little closer to the mic, sir. There we go. Yeah. You now all have the image of Taliesin singing Kesha to himself in his car. (cheering) In the same way that you're saying, "I wish I could let go like we do," other people will see you and go, "I wish I could let go like you do." It's a good feedback loop, and that just gets you a little more comfortable with the idea that sometimes that fear you have of people judging you, one, doesn't matter, two, isn't what you think it is, and three, it's a very freeing experience to just express yourself for the pure joy of what you want to express. And at the game table, remind yourself that the players that are there for you are there for you, they're supportive of you, and they're engaging in the same way you are. If you're afraid about getting that intense about it, just remind yourself that they-- one, they will be blown away when you do manage to cross that threshold, and two, they're there to support you and want to see you get into it as much as you want to as well. So you have to remind yourself as best you can that they're not going to judge you for it by any means. They're there cheering you on. As long as you put it back. (McCree voice) Oh, you know what time it is. (cheering) (McCree voice) It's high noon. (cheering) (McCree voice) It's 126. Well, I mean, things that you can consider for balance are if you're gaining attributes of whatever you've eaten, does it replace the attributes that you've previously devoured? So the adaptation could be you only consume and take on the attributes of what you've currently taken in. That's a balance, so it's more of an adaptation that switches as opposed to just a constant building effect. Or they could be temporary whatever you consume, it affects your attributes for a short period of time and then eventually fades away. So you could bulk up and get pretty powerful for a short time, but you can say that if you consume more than three or four entities within a short period of time, it could be damaging or dangerous to your health. So considering those are possibilities, as opposed to just being a character that, "Oh, hope you guys enjoy your longswords. I'm just going to eat the world and become a god." (laughter) I mean, it's up to you working with the GM on what is fair and what isn't. Just because you devour the heart of a dragon god doesn't mean you now have the powers of a dragon god, it means you have the potential to eventually unlock the powers of a dragon god, so your journey could be learning slowly over time how to unlock those abilities. So you grow with the rest of the party. So yeah, there are ways to balance it but the GM has to work with you on that and make sure that it's in line, so that it doesn't feel unfair for the rest of the players, but you still get to play through those narrative elements in a way that's fun for you and your character to progress. Thank you, buddy! Yeah. Well, Sam and I had discussed Taryon for about three weeks-- about two or three weeks in advance, since the end of the Conclave arc-- and the scenarios that his character had gone through that had led him to feel it might be necessary, depending on how the conversation goes with the rest of the party, of him to either stay or leave. We had made this character as a backup just in case he decided to leave. So we had met and we had designed-- he told me the theory behind the character of Taryon and what he wanted to him to be, and I told him, "Well, that kind of fits in with these classes," and the one he liked best was the artificer. He was like, "Oh, that sounds exactly what we're trying to do." And so he's like, "I want to be a character that has very little real-life experience but has enough money to make himself powerful." So he became the trust fund baby of D&D characters. From a mechanical standpoint, Taryon, without any of his equipment, is like level two, but put all of his equipment on and he's level 14, 15, was our thought process behind it. He made the character and had him in the wings, and then based on whatever happened that episode, it seemed that Sam decided to leave. And as such, that very same episode we brought Taryon in, which I think was a little sooner than Sam was anticipating. You guys went there immediately, and it was a good button for the episode. Good question, thank you. Thank you for coming along with us. To answer your question, what happens if there is no right way? What happens if every path is the really wrong, horrible, torturing way? Exactly. And let that be a lesson to him. It's a delicate balance, being a GM or a DM. It's creating challenge without feeling like it's unfair, and not challenging them all the time, because you want the players to also have time where they feel like they're having a good time, or they're kicking ass and enjoying the battle, as opposed to always being under the threat of constant bludgeoning death. You have to find that balance. I was about to say, what if they get to the guilty person and the guilty person kills themself, and they're found with the dead body of the guilty party with no way of proving innocence, and they have another body on their hands to now have to flee the town. And remember, if they're always rolling well and they're always just blowing through every encounter, throw a couple tarrasques at them. (laughter) It's called teaching humility. You look awesome, by the way. Hello. What's your name, sir? Rob, hello! That's a cool question. By the time we'd gotten over the edition transition, you knew the characters so well and what those were, you didn't need to-- Happy Percy is a bad idea. That's usually how it works, though, in real life. Hello again. Lee Hello! My name's Lee. The Briarwoods I've been sitting on since Percy gave me his character backstory. The minute he turned that page in, and I read it, I was like, oh, this is going to be so sweet when we get to it. It's going to be so good. The Conclave I've been sitting on for about two years before I dropped on that, because when I began to develop them-- My main reason for doing the Conclave was I'd been DMing for so many years and I just didn't use dragons. This game is called Dungeons & Dragons, and I never got around to really using big ancient dragons. I've always wanted to do that. Because some campaigns ended before I could get to that power level. I didn't want it being like, oh, you're fighting a baby dragon, ooh! I wanted big, scary, classic dragons, but the campaigns didn't go on long enough, or thematically the dragons didn't fit for it. The villains and the world where they were, it would have felt shoehorned if I put them in there. So I was like, I'm not just going to bring a dragon, I'm going to bring all of them in, bring one of each chromatic dragon. I decided that would be a Conclave, but they would never work together. What would bring them together? It would be the one, the dominant, the alpha essentially, which is the Thordak character, and Raishan being the sly manipulator, and the combination of those two would make it a tenuous agreement between this Conclave. I developed this and realized, in order for this to be impactful, it has to be at a time when they're at the height of their success. When it feels like everything is fine and good. So I sat on it and I set the scene, I began to plant the seeds of its eventual release, and then waited for them to complete a series of arcs. That was amazing! I'm sitting here, like, they're back in Emon, they had their celebration, they were all lauded before the people of Emon. They were having a crisis, an existential crisis of, "What do we do now? What holds us together? What are we? What purpose do we have? Are we still adventurers? Have we done any good in the world? I don't know what's going on." To be fair, so is most any adventuring party, and I think you can all attest to that. So yeah, it takes a lot of patience to sit on a story that long. I remember that episode when Liam said that, when he's like, "What are we going to do, what's next? I feel like there's no purpose." I'm like, ooh, man! Give me like 40 minutes! (laughter) The sphere thing is coming to fruition slowly now, and I've been sitting on that since I was designing the Briarwood arc. That one I've probably been sitting on the longest. Yeah. We'll see where it comes up. Hi, Christen. You look awesome, by the way. Player. That's my class. (laughter) Thank you. Only for Brian. When I rolled the decks, I was like, "I'm never putting any of this in a campaign! It ruins the narrative." Then I rolled it on a random treasure table when they defeated Thordak. I was like (sighs), "Well, it's the smaller version of the deck so it doesn't have the super world-ending cards. Still pretty awful. Usually it's Laura or Percy that investigates the treasure hoard first. So at least I know a player with some intelligence is going to find it." So that went well. He rushed there first and rolled so high I was like, "Well, okay. Here we go!" Well, it's fine, because his use of the deck in the battle royale was a safe place to use it and to learn that there are a lot of consequences. Or not; he pulled the cards with no consequences! Exandria goes (poof). Gone. Awesome! Well, it's funny that you mention that. Not in a stream per se, but years ago -- there's a long-running show in Los Angeles called Dungeon Master that was just that. Still going! A lot of our friends ran it and so a few of us would be guests on it occasionally. Called Adventure! The three of us were all cast members. We'd all-- every week was a different storyline, a continuation of last week's storyline. We all, the cast, played different NPCs with costumes and set pieces, and then five people from the audience would be pulled up as player characters. The characters, not the people! None of this is legally binding, you heard nothing. Erase the tape. It was a lot of fun stuff. Yeah, Dungeon Master is still running. What's your question? I was actually going to say that, because he was planning to go paladin of Sarenrae. Through a chance resurrection ritual, the death of his sister, and a spontaneous pledge he made as that process led his path entirely different to instead pursue the path of the Raven Queen. This is the reason I love D&D, you can't plan for that. A couple of die rolls and a spontaneous character choices and an entire character's planned destiny that you thought they had goes in another direction, and now you're following that element. I thought was a really cool switch. Yeah, that was fun. That was definitely one of the big off-throws, like, "Okay, well, this is an NPC that they probably weren't going to meet, or if they were going to meet, it was going to be much later and it was probably just going to be a battle. But they convinced to join them. They now have an actual arcane magic-using mindflayer in their party. Sure." Actually, I've thought about this recently, I forgot about it, but when they were in the Moonbrush in the Feywild, I was not expecting you guys to side with the werewolves. You guys came in and fought and slaughtered the pixies. That was fully improvised. That was fully like, "Okay, let's do this. You guys are going to kill a bunch of pixies against the trees. Oh yeah, well pixies are generally not-- you hear pixies like, "Aww, that's so cute, they're beautiful!" They're also kind of dicks. Most things that are fey are. They are selfish little entities that expect things to work however they want. When an unstoppable force meets an immovable wall! Those are a few examples there, definitely. Good question! AUDIENCE It wasn't his drawing arm. This is your other legacy; firearms and prosthetics. That's what Percy has done in Exandria. Well, they're starting to. It's going to take a while. Thank you guys so much for coming! We are signing tomorrow at 1230 to 215.