Let's see. This is not-- Hello everyone! I don't know if it went onto Twitter or not, and I'm glad you guys could join. I got a haircut, as I'm sure some of you see. It was absolutely necessary because it got way too long out of laziness and I'd like to cut it more often than I had, and it'd become just a mane of ridiculousness. At least here it'll have a chance to grow. It's not that far from the length I had when the show first started, so it's not completely out of the blue, I don't think. I'm also a pacer as I talk, so I apologize if you keep seeing the background shift. Sorry about that. Marisha and Marisha's dad are here as well, and we've all been doing work around the place as we go. I'll show you a little bit, now. Been getting some work done over here. Say hi, Marisha! No, I haven't shown them. Right now we got new tile floors in here. Much better than the crappy grandma floors we had before. Say hi to Mark, Marisha's dad. There you go. I thought you guys could chill for a little bit here today, during International Tabletop Day. Me and Liam will be up at the studio in a few hours, at 930 Pacific to play a game called Everyone is John. For those of you who aren't familiar with it, it's very strange and fun, and I've never played it before, so I'm excited. But yeah! This is primarily a bunch of Critmas that was left over some packages that either didn't make it in time, got caught in the mail, or whatever case it may be. We have a bunch more letters and things here we're going to open and say thank yous. We don't have the full cast here. We'll be opening them for them and then making little piles for what goes to who so we can deliver them to them next time we see them, hopefully this Thursday. Possibly more minis? I don't know. I'm waiting on Marisha to get out of the bathroom here so we can actually begin. In the meantime, you guys feel like you want to throw any questions here until we're ready, I'm happy to do a little Q&A. I don't know if they're any more minis; we'll find out. I'm never against that idea. Yes, haircut. I know it's crazy, right? What the heck, it's all gone? Only the chunks of it. Cool thing is it glows-- grows back. It glows back. That'd be a little weird. People are freaking out about the hair, this is kind of funny. Are you serious? Marisha accidentally turned the shower on herself. No, I showed them a little bit last time. I can show them, it's grown a little bit. For those who are asking what's a good place to get minis, aside from your local comic shops and game stores, which have the packages. If you're looking for specific ones you can go to miniaturemarket.com, Troll and Toad, eBay actually has a good mini selection. Or you can order the unopened boxes from Amazon as well if they're in stock. Hero Forge is new material, which is a much higher quality material, which is great. Any tips you have to get your wife into D&D? Show her some Acquisitions Inc. or Critical Role or something and see if it's something she'd be into. If she likes narrative, if she likes storytelling, or if she likes being random with her friends and having silly times in a fantasy world, then hopefully that'll be just a little push to get on there. Tips on painting minis? There's plenty of great YouTube channels that do step-by-step tutorials on miniature painting that I highly recommend. I don't know any off the top of my head, but you can search "painting war miniatures" or "fantasy miniatures." There's a lot of great tutorials, but as an overview, you want to make sure you do a dark coat first. If you want more muddled colors do a dark primer, or lighter primer if you want brighter colors to come out in the final model. Then you just paint the model, all the colors you want in different places. Then you do a wash, which is like an ink wash pass on the model, and what it does is it seeps into the nooks and crannies and giving the appearance of shadow and shading. Then you do dry-brushing. You take a stiff brush, usually small, and dip lighter colors than what the base coats were; fairly brighter but the same tone. Then you brush it on a paper towel or a small towel on the side until most of the paint is off the brush, just a little bit. Then you dust the highest ridges of the darker color in places where it is, and it gives the appearance of shine and light sourcing, which is kind of fun. If you go on YouTube, there's a lot of really great in-depth tutorials you can find there. "Any "possibility of attending a Scottish con?" You got to get a Scottish con to invite us! I would love that. Scotland I've never been to. It's where my family's background is, and I would absolutely adore the chance to go to Scotland, so hopefully. If you know any cons nearby, tell them to invite us. That'd be great. Anyway, here's the mini cabinet. It is growing larger and larger and organization is progressing, piece by piece. Then of course we have Thordak over there. I have a problem. I have a serious problem. What are my thoughts on monks? Monks are awesome. Monks are amazing. They're a great class that I think is underused, and I think a lot of people have a hard time finding a way to fit it into a fantasy setting, but I don't think it's hard at all, especially if you watch Conan. You find that kind of -- and consider back in those time periods, there was that transition between the East and the West, Europe, Silk Road to China and that whole circumstance. There's a lot of cultural influences you can pull from that transition and that time period that can be a fun stylistic way to incorporate your monk into a campaign. Or just consider the different deities and different gods of the pantheon prefer the idea of martial control and training as a means of purifying one's spirit and soul and so that makes a cool drive for a character. Monks are just great in combat. They're fun. You can do a lot of unique and interesting maneuvers and flavor them well. If you love any Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan films, it's great. Let's see. Will I be playing the Overwatch beta? I hope so. I'll be playing the crap out of Overwatch when it comes in. I've just finally started Dark Souls III last night. Haven't had time until then, and even then, it was midnight to 200 AM. I was like, "Okay, I'll make a character," and I spent a while trying to decide what to do. I made two I made Lady Kima and Grog Strongjaw. I'm actually tearing through the game as Grog right now, which is kind of funny. I figure it's a good way. Positive thoughts to your wife's surgery. All the positive thoughts, crossed hearts, thumbs up, crossed fingers, all the good stuff. If wanted to play a dwarf bard, what college would I be in? Oh, man. I lend myself to the Lore college, because I like the expansion of spell use, but for the dwarf bard, I'd probably end up going Valor, because I like the idea of him being more aggressive and battle-oriented. But that's just me. Dwarf versus elf? I'm probably going to go dwarf. Elves get a lot of love in most media. I think dwarves are underappreciated a lot of times, and they're one of my favorite races, so dwarf, definitely. How many times has Grog died so far in Dark Souls? Three, which is not bad, considering. I've played a lot of Souls games, so I know most of the tricks. Your bard is multiclassing into blood hunter? That's amazing! (laughs) Oh, thank you, Meghan, it's coming along. The house is coming along, bit by bit. Do I happen to do any DM tip videos? I did eight of them in the first run; we're hoping to go back and do more soon. Scheduling has been a nightmare lately. I have already ideas and outlines for future episodes, but if you are chafing at the bit, Matt Colville actually does an amazing series, far more in-depth than anything I've done, on tips and tricks of dungeon master-ing and building your own world. I highly recommend you look him up on YouTube. Look up "Matt Colville DM Tips," and his videos are fantastic, so highly recommend those. Ah, Marisha, are you ready? All right, so we shall begin the opening. I went great axe man for Grog, couldn't help it. All right, we're turning this around on Marisha now. Hi, Marisha. Everyone seems to be doing good and says hello. It's okay, I looked like a hobo about an hour ago. Yeah, boxes, letters, whichever one you want to do. Scissors are there. You've got your cider. You've got your chai. By the way, check out this awesome mug. One of the gifts they gave me when I was up there this past week. They're asking where you got your leggings. It's off Melrose, isn't it? Who is this for and from? Awesome. Someone said, "Air holes, uh-oh." (laughter) Oh, nice! Who sent it? Well, whoever sent the gorilla, you're amazing. Aww, look at the gorilla! Do you want to go ahead and put that in the Grog pile? The Grog pile is there. That's the Grog pile. Another Travis gift? I like how I brought scissors, but Marisha decided to bring her knife out. That's why I love her. That's quite all right. What? (laughs) That's awesome! That's so cool! Yeah, we can put a few extras as giveaways to Critters. Oh, snap. What? Show us. Oh, check it out! It's Lillith as the Jack! That's so cool! Cassandra is the Queen. Percy. He's the King. Briarwoods? Buzzsaw outside with the door open? Scanlan. (laughs) I'm the Joker, that's rad. My pupils are dice, that's got to be painful. Yeah, that's a trip to the emergency room. And so cute! Aww. Thank you, guys. Thank you, Emily. Should I go close the glass door? Hold this for a second. All righty. Next up. These cards are for everybody. Put this in the everybody pile. All righty. That's Ryan and Cookie. The gentle sounds of buzzsawing in the background. It's a relaxing day for me. No, I kind of like it. It adds texture to the atmosphere. What? What is it? The buzzsaw is Marisha's dad cutting a bunch of scrap wood in the backyard to get rid of it. I now know what he's doing. (singing) Is it on the front? (singing) Who's the mysterious benefactor? Let me see it. Oh, snap. The same people who make the Nin Jiom Pei Pa Koa. Oh, this is glorious. That is the "Fred juice" in candy form. "Fred juice," I should explain. There's this Chinese cough syrup stuff that this is actually the candy form of that Fred Tatasciore, who's an incredibly talented voice actor who's the voice of the Hulk in pretty much all of Marvel's stuff discovered as a way of coating your throat and protecting it during really rough voice-over sessions. Because he discovered it, it's called "Hulk juice," "Fred juice." It's weird no matter how you say it, but someone was paying attention and got us some candy. "Boom-boom juice?" That's pretty fun. You made an amazing thing! You're just being silly, Meghan. We appreciated them all, thank you-- What is that? Is it all books from people? What the heck? Crayons? (laughs) (as Gilmore) "Of course they do, they're glorious." Oh, please tell me these are coloring books. I'm going to freak out. Was I right? That's so cool! Aw, you are adventuring with us. Thank you, Lori! That's so cool! That's cool! That's so cute. What's in your book? Of course Vex would have the ledger, because she's the money-taker. That's so cool! Hi, Mark. Damn right, it does! (laughs) That's so cool, thank you so much, Lori! All right, we're going to have to give these to the rest of the crew too. What? Oh snap. That's so good! (laughs) A cask of beer and an axe. (laughing) That's so cute! That's really cool. Sure, we can do that. Put this over in the group pile. Ba da dow! You're going to take from this side? All right. Change in the guard! Doesn't matter to me. This cardboard had already been opened, this one as well. I'm trying to keep the boxes organized so we don't trash up the place too bad. Pull some of these over here. Now, this is to Travis. Wonder if they had-- I don't see a name on here, but it's sent from Half Price Books. Mesquite, Texas. A letter. "Hey Grog, being a Cowboys fan, I "thought you might like these for your collection. "Check the front of each book." From Dim Dimmley. To Grog. Wright Up Front! Oh, he's going to love those. Thank you, from Travis, to you Dim Dimmley. We're going to pass those on to him. That also goes in the Travis pile. Perfect, all right. Next one. There's tape on this one. Probably-- Ha ha! Indeed. This one is-- I don't see a name on it. That's what I'm looking. I'm looking. Looks like the name is K1R757. Oh, Dagon. Here's a letter, thank you. Huh. "Hello. A while ago, Zac said the reason you do a "song and dance to pour your water is because you didn't want to advertise that you were drinking, "so I made you some bags to put the bottles in." (laughs) They made alcohol bags. With little plastic label things. Oh, what? And a Minxie shirt. It's tied on the sides, the way you like it. Yeah. "To Marisha and Laura--" "The art on these shirts was done by an 11 year-old." That's adorable. "Done by an 11 year old. She showed her teacher, who she said--" All right, I need to read this for you guys. "The art on these shirts was done by an 11 year old. She "showed her teacher, who said she had no talent and should give up on drawing, you would never like "it. This 11 year old believed her teacher over me. So I bought it from her and told her I would not "give you the sheets, but that I would put it on a t-shirt. She didn't believe me, so she agreed. Mom "agreed too. It's a little smudged because my four year old assisted me to put it on a t-shirt. I "used a tutorial for Marisha's shirt. Please help prove this teacher wrong." Well, you've already proved this teacher wrong. These are awesome, and I think everyone watching agrees. These are so cute! I'm trying to see who this is from. Suzanne LeBlanc. Sue LeBlanc b-- I can't-- ah, it's so small! Your writing is really small, Suzanne, but thank you so much! They're so cute. This is going to go in the Laura pile. Laura's pile's going right next to Travis's. Just want to put them together so they get them both. It's a good thing to point out. This is from Jeff Grower of Fulton, New York. Come to my aid, fair blade. That rhymed. It's the little things. It says Happy Critmas on the box. Yeah. They're rare. There are a lot of really good teachers out there. There are a few... it's the nature of humanity. "Happy Critmas! Just wanted to let you all know that I love your show. "I started watching in December last year and have gone back and watched every episode--" Nice. "You "have become the one show I can't wait to watch each week. You are all awesome. Enclosed is "something that I hope brings you luck, in game and out. These are real four-leaf clovers that I found "myself--" What? "--and laminated with the Critical Role logo. They are credit card-sized for carrying "in a wallet." "For a donation to charity, there is a five-leaf clover. Whoever draws that, I'll make a "donation to that person's charity." I'm going to hold onto these and when we see the group on Thursday, I'm going to have them pick, and whoever draws it, Jeff's going to go ahead and make a donation to that charity. So Jeff, we're going to hold on to that. This is so cool! They're all legit-- and there's the five-leaf. Boom! All right, shuffling those up. We're going to bring those-- Apparently. I've never found one. I've looked tremendously when I was a child. No! It's okay. Things worked out all right. I play D&D weekly on the internet. I'm very thankful for all I have. This is to-- oh, this is to Marisha Ray, it looks like, so I'm going to have to turn this around on you, girl. Thank you, I don't feel too bad. (laughing) Bird overlord keeping them in line. It's true. Dagon glares at us from above. Aw, hugs from Argentina! Hugs to you guys! I am visiting the east coast at MomoCon, actually, in Atlanta, at the end of May. At the end of next month, so if you're in the vicinity, come say hello. That's insane. Dragons are long term. You guys have got a bunch of feral herd members to worry about this week. True. Oh wow. That's so cute. I love it. Hello to Nova Scotia from us as well. Oh snap. That's so cool! I love the style on the inside cover too. Write your spells in it? Do it! That your subtle way of saying you do spells? I'm just teasing you. I know. It's because the internet loves you. We'll start grabbing from that pile. Okay, get that knife ready. Marisha's going to open up the big one. Yeah, I'll sit in our comfy ottoman that we bought today for super cheap at a set-- Got to stretch that dollar. I know, time was not of the essence. An outlook of the week. (sings) Styrofoam, bubble wrap. Because it has my name on it? Is that a distinction? That's really cool, it's like leather bound and look at that. You should probably scoot that over here, you're kind of back lit. Really dark. That's okay. Oh, what's that? Okay. You want to hold this? A wax seal? Are you kidding me? That's amazing. I'm such a sucker for presentation. Get this open here from the wax seal. If I can just unseal it we'll be good. It's too sealed. The wax has been-- For Vox Machina, it's doors; for me, it's wax seals. I think it's pretty hilarious. Scissors come to my aid again. I will not lose. There's more? No. Boom. Open. What. Oh, the camera is freaking out right now. Sorry about that, Marisha decided to unwrap the present with you. What is that? What! That is ridiculous. Okay, that's like one of the coolest things to happen ever. Now you are an action figure. What is this? Who is this from? I was going to open it but you opened the presents with the people. This is true. Ah man, all right. "Vox Machina. I present to you gifts of appreciation "and introduction. I, the acquirer of the arcane, finder of the forgotten, and retriever of the "rare, specializing in possession reassessment, all for a fee of course, non-negotiable, sorry "darlings, have two items for the each of you. The first item is something you may have lost or may "be of value in some fashion. The second is representative of your legend. You have become "icons in some circles. Created through alchemy and tinkering what was once one thing is now another. "Thus you shouldn't fear moving it from its original packaging. Nothing more is asked of you. "Just if we happen to cross paths in the future, it will not be as strangers. Warmest regards, The "Devilish Rogue." The Dullish Rogue? This font, makes it difficult for me to see specifically what it said. I'll say them all. The Devilish Rogue, maybe? I like it. This is awesome. I can't believe you got an action figure. That's so awesome. Oh no. Yeah, we'll give those gifts to everyone else and let them open them on their time. Here you go Marisha, hold this over my head. Never mind. It's okay. Here you go. We don't have a fancy switchboard at home, unfortunately. Sorry guys. One of these days. We'll have a crew that runs our Periscopes. Yeah, like a selfie stick. Hah! Scissors wins again. Unless it's the first round of rocks, scissors, paper because everyone picks scissors, so then rock would win. (laughs) I did get an action figure! With the blind wrapped around my face and the wig, the hair uses my hair. That's so epic. That's so cool. There are little stories on the back too. There's a switch in the back and it makes my eyes glow through the-- What! And it comes with a little tome. With chains on it. That's so badass. What to give the one who has two red dragons? Seriously. Perhaps you can wear this on a special night to instill a bit of fear. Uh-oh. Instill a little fear? (laughs) That's really cool. This is the back of the shirt. The DM rolled a what, and it's that picture. That's so cool! Thank you, Rogue! That's so cool. Let's do... This is from D&D Dice. To Critical Role. Here we go. Oh snap! It's a whole cluster of brushed aluminium D20s for the whole crew. That's so cool! There's no name on this one. Someone...? Well, whoever it is that sent us these awesome metal dice. Thank you so very much. And we will be happy to deliver these to the rest of the team. That's fantastic. All righty. Here you open some. We'll switch it off. Yeah, grab some of the ones over there or there's some packages on the ground with some tubes. Tubes are nice. Tubes are always fun. Focus curse you. Focus. I think that's what it comes down to. What the heck is that? Thank you Helen, VialsofScience. I just want to see it. Oh it's like a banner. Oh snap. Oh that's going to go up in the house. Oh that's so cool. It's so crazy to me. It's so crazy to think that that's like a saying now. I just made it up at a table years ago and now other people are using now. You have it on your sweater. That's so stupid. Oh it's a thing now. Kind of. On a much smaller, less douchey scale. Yeah. That's crazy. Thank you! Thank you, Helen! It's pretty great. (singing) Tube-y tube! It looks golden. What? Oh that's awesome! That's a really big card. That's a big card. There's also dragonmustang01 up top. That's so cool. Ashley's in LA. We have her for a few months before she has to go back to New York, so Pike will be joining us in person for a while. Yay! That's so cool. Thank you, guys! It will fit into that box, the round one that it came in. (laughs) That package right there behind you. Yeah. And she fell for it! Forever on the Internet. You did. It was pretty awesome. (laughs) That was so adorable. It's very new. (laughs) Failed dex save. Yeah, what is it? Oh whoa! Oh those are cool. I haven't seen those. That's fantastic. Cool. We'll make sure to put those over in the Laura/Vex pile. Me and Liam will be players today at 930pm Pacific time to join Ivan for a game with quite a few other folks, so-- Want to switch around? All right. Just going to-- maybe not sit on your knife. (laughs) And that was the-- we've already done that one. All right. Let's-- I'll just grab these. We're getting to the bigger stuff now. The big thing. Marisha already pulled out a bunch of the tinier things. So it's kind of like a fun reveal. All righty. This is from Kathleen Nelson. Looks like this is also to Grog. Get ready to put this over on the pile. There's a letter to Grog Strongjaw and for me to read off the air, which I will do. It says, "Master Grog Strongjaw and Vox Machina, Kord's strength to "you. Word of your meeting with Earthbreaker Groon has spread from the temple in Vasselheim to all "servants of Kord, advising us to render whatever aid and assistance we're able to in your quest to "defeat the Chroma Conclave. My name is Rain and I serve Kord as one of his clerics." Oh! (laughs) Oh this is cool! It's got individual messages for Pike as well. From Payne, a bronze dragonborn, AKA Kathleen Nelson. @starstuff84 That's so cool! Oh it's a-- I love getting written letters. What lies inside here for our fair Grog? Let us see. Oh, it's got little stone necklaces for everybody! That's so cool. Pieces of Fulgurite. It's formed when lightning strikes sand, fusing the individual grains into tubes of glass. That's rad! MARISHA and Okay, so this is for everybody. With little necklace pieces for everybody. Well, since we're opening them, I'm going to take first grasp on these. That's probably for Pike, though. I'll take these two for us, and then, Percy-- --Scanlan, Keyleth-- there we go. There you go. All the rest of these are for the rest of Vox Machina. We better put them away. That is so cool. I'll make sure this gets to everybody else. Look at that. Landed right in the pile. But I did and that's all that mattered. Shut up. This is from Fallon Burress from Louisville, Kentucky. All righty. Oh snap. "Dear Vox Machina, I began these boxes while Tiberius was still on the show. I "wanted to see the amazing boxes from Wyrmwood, but I thought, 'Fuck it.' So here are the same dice "boxes--" They've been working on this for a while. "--individualized for each of you. Everything is "handmade, wood-burned, stained, and glued together myself." From Fallon Burress, aka Hippy Cannibal. Custom made, with Grog's name on the back. That's so cool. They've got one for Taliesin. These are really cool. Laura. Sam's is all purple colored, too. Ashley. This one's for you, Marisha. They've got one for Liam, too. That's badass. Look at the fire side has Charizard! And the Fire Nation symbol. It's got a Pokemon on each side. Oh, and it's got The 5th Element symbol for the air. That's great. Fallon says, "Sorry I ran out of time to make [me] a box." Don't worry about it, buddy. These are fantastic. "Thanks for all the DM tips. They tremendously helped with my campaign. "Thank you for making this amazing world, and letting us all be part of it." Of course, thank you for coming along. "I hope I can convince you to come to--" E-ville Con? I think it is? I think it must be a Louisville con. "--as a guest in the future." Well, tell them you're interested in having me as a guest. They have to invite us. That's how it works. That's so cool. Fallon, amazing gift. We're going to make sure the rest of the cast get these. Next box. This is from Mark Ball, also from Louisville, Kentucky. That's probably why. This one's got packing peanuts, oh no! My nemesis! Oh, oh no. (Evil laughter) Oh snap, and here's one for Liam. Liam was in the chat earlier. Liam, if you're still watching, you got a box coming your way, too. Thanks to our fine friend, Mark Ball from Louisville, Kentucky. That's fantastic. I may have to open mine at the end of this. Yeah. (laughter) Oh, no! You stay in there! (giggling) Put this aside for Liam. Oh, this is mine? I'll open this here in a little bit. Liam's will be over here. Marisha, want to open some now? All right. This will go to Liam. I'll bring it to him tonight. "They bought this house for [my] minis collection." Pretty much. BananaMcGee did a great job on that Bangarang video! That was awesome! All right, Marisha's got a handful over here. From? Ariel Hauptman. That's great. Aww, that's so cute. Aww. As a note, guys, be careful about sending perishables. If they can last a few weeks, it's totally fine-- Yeah, those are packaged, which is why those are fine. We've had people send a cake before and it was an awesome cake, but I think it just barely got to us in time before it soured, so be careful. Rock it, do it. I'll take one. I'll take one, too. Well, see what they sent Sam, then. It's fun to see-- It's very good to open other people's presents. Boom. Everyone says, "Hi, Marisha's dad!" Is it good? "Hi Dadleth." Aww! Who's it from? Does it say? Okay, should we wait, let Sam open that? Yeah, we'll leave that one for Sam to open on his own. That's so sweet. Scanlan. Open another one. Everyone's saying they think it's a box of poop. From Kaylie. Everyone's like, "Away from yourself with the knife, away!" I know. They're so worried about watching you actually cut yourself. Is it like the special Japanese Kit Kat flavors that you can't get over here? Ooh, green tea Kit Kats are the best Kit Kats. What? That's a thing?! (laughs) Why is Japan so much better at Kit Kats? Bless the mad scientists over in good old Nippon. (laughs) Upside-down, a little bit over. Yeah. That's good. (scared laughter) Ooh, and there's the twist, and that's the Stephen King plot twist right there. (laughs) That's so awesome. Thank you so much! Thank you so much! All right, we're down to, like, the last nine boxes? Oh, you won the expansion? That's awesome! Sorry, I was distracted eating a brownie. Mii! Sarah from Mii! Packaging fluff? Yeah, that stuff in packages will get everywhere. Appreciate you understanding. It's about four to six hours of prep each game. Sometimes a little longer, depending. Oh, hello @earthquakedgirl. I'm glad you guys are liking the Dwarven Forge sets. I've been using them when it seems fitting. I'll still make maps and mats and things, but Dwarven Forge I'm using-- She sent individual letters? That's so cute. All right, thank you so much. Yeah, those Dwarven Forge sets are even possible because of you guys supporting the show. All your guys' support has enabled us to get better lights and get better set pieces and do more ancillary content and stuff. So yeah, thank you guys for that. Waiting for Marisha to come back, here. But yes. Of course. Happy belated birthday, though I wished you happy birthday already, Meghan, happy birthday as well. All right, so here she is. This is for Laura, Japanese candy. Okay, this I already opened, I know what it is because it says on the box, "If received after Critmas, open immediately," and I was afraid it was, like, a gerbil. So I opened it, and it comes with this amazing, "Congratulations, Critical Role, on 50 "amazing episodes," carved, looks legit. Which is really cool. And a heart on the inside. It says, "Dear cast and crew of Critical Role thank you for all the amazing hours you've given us to "explore worlds beyond. In honor of your 50th episode, I've sent you two dozen handmade roses to "distribute among the cast, crew, and guests as you see fit, so thank you again. Here's hoping for 50 "more. Sincerely, Amnie S. Clark." Amnie. Amnie S. Clark. She actually spells it out for me so I can say it right. Thank you. @storiesanddreams, ArtByAmnie, and SilverWhispers on DeviantArt. Awesome, she's actually sent us a bunch of other stuff as well. Oh, shit! I didn't get this far into it. Oh, that's so cool. Falling off. How cool is that? That's so cool. Amnie, thank you so much. That took a while. Have you shown the people what you did with the paper cranes, or the paper dragons, yet? We'll show them in time. Okay. Amnie, that's amazing. Thank you so much. I'll hold on to that one there. All righty. What have we got here? This is from R.C. Boys. I don't think that's who sent it. I think that was the shipping company or the-- wherever it was purchased from, but we shall discover who's responsible for this, based on the two-day Amazon Prime shipping, which is the-- (laughs) Now I have the silver dragon, which I don't have. It's from Attack Wing. That's awesome. Open that here in a minute. "Hey Matt Don't remember you having a silver dragon--" Which I did not! "-- so I thought I'd fix that. Merry Christmas. Stewart." @stewartrockets on Twitter. Stewart, thank you so much. That's amazing. All of the dragons! This is from-- Customs declaration. Shapeways box. Which you know is a gamer. Let's see. There was a name on this, but it looks like it's been scratched out? It says from Craig Waters from the United Kingdom, but maybe it's not from Craig? Maybe we'll see a confirmation inside. Open! They're all like, "Matt, cut away from you!" I know. I like to live dangerously. YOLO! Ugh, the fact that I said that makes me feel ill. Oh, there is a letter. Thank God. "Dear Matt and Vox Machina and the "entire Critical Role team First of all, thank you for your amazing show. You all do a tremendous "job. It's hard getting up at three o'clock in the morning to watch your show, but it's well worth "it." Thank you for waking up at three o'clock in the morning. Wonderful handwriting, by the way. Far better than mine. "As a thank you, I'm donating to each of your preferred charities." Aw! Thank you! "However, I did want to send a more tangible gift to Matt for inspiring me to try my luck as a dungeon master." Hell yeah! "I recently discovered Hero Forge and tried to create myself a miniature for each of the Vox Machina crew. They may have a cameo in the game I used to introduce my brothers to D&D." That's awesome! People keep asking me if they can use Vox Machina in their game, or NPCs in their game, it's like, hell yeah! Go for it! I love that. It makes me excited that they're either our NPCs or NPCs based on them are out there. I think it's really cool. So yeah, don't ever feel like you have to ask permission. "I recently discovered Hero Forge--" blah-blah-blah, I already said that. "Please find "enclosed a miniature for your own enjoyment. The plastic is a little grainier than I'm used to "painting, but hopefully I didn't do too bad of a job, and if you can figure out what the books in "his pages open for, that's a bonus. Keep up all the good work. I look forward to laughing along "with or facepalming to many great episodes to come. Sincerely, Craig." It was from Craig. L.M. Borne in the chatroom, and @CraigTWaters on Twitter. Thank you so much. Let's see what this is, here. Whoa! What? (laughs) That's amazing! That's me! Hair accurate as of two hours ago. That's so cool. Ah, I love it. A dragon in my hand. Yep. And I'm holding the Monster Manual and that looks like the opening page to-- it looks like a dragon. Is it a giant on the left page? The detail on that is fantastic. Love the smirk and the raised eyebrow. Well played. And the fact that it's on a d20 base, too. That's so cool. Craig, that's amazing. Guys! Guys. Oh man. That's going to live on my desk forever. Forever. Okay. We're getting down to the wire, here, and then I'm going to open my minis, and then you guys can go. I know it's a long time. Yeah, actually. You open some. I'm surprised people are still hanging out. That's so awesome. "Now Vox Machina can stand off "against the ultimate big bad. Matt." That would be such a fast fight. Grog smashes Matt. Game over. Naomithinksit! (laughing) What? That's awesome. Oh, what? And for Vax? Okay. Sure. Want to pass around? Switch off? Congrats on trying out dungeon mastering. Have fun with that, man. It's such a rewarding experience. Sincerely. You're going to have fun with it. There's a tiny little bag. I get the sincere feeling it's dice-related by its shape. Or it's a dice truffle and we're both right. Oh, whoa. That's a cool-looking die. Check that out. It's like a white and red swirl d20. That's really cool. Not bad. Okay. This is the letter from whom it is. (laughs) Yep. "A glorious 50th episode." They made a pop-up Gilmore casting magic cards. How cool is that? (whooshing noise) Man! Your guys' creativity is ridiculous. "Enclosed a blood hunter d20." That's awesome! "A glorious d6." Oh man. That is, indeed, (as Gilmore) "a glorious d6." (as Gilmore) "Ha ha." What? A Critical Role music tape? A musical tape. Not ready yet? From Naomi. You're amazing. Let me get this open. Hand me the scissors. Scissors attack! Bam! Vox Machina has problems with doors. I have problems with wrapping. (laughs) Critical Role The Musical. It's a cassette tape. Well, hold on. I'm going to have to listen to this. It has-- the A side says, "Songs You're a Dagger to My Heart. Vax. I Would Like to Rage. Grog. Baby, I'm the Shit. Scanlan. Breathing in Smoke. Percy. Hey, Boo. Keyleth and the Sun Tree. Glorious. Gilmore. Gold, Gold, Gold. Vex. Sarenrae's Warmth. Pike. You Can Certainly Try. DM. Make Me Something Lovely. Vex and Percy. Bonus My Name is Tiberius Stormwind of Draconia. Poppycock." Aww. And it has the other side. "Yes For Taking Trinket. Dirt Makes It Better. Baby, I'm Bad News. Awful Feelings." Oh, this is so cool. I'm-- we're going to have to find-- I'm going to put this in my car.and listen to it. "Warning Not a real mixtape. Seriously, even if there's a cassette player." Even better. We can make it our own mixtape. We can put songs on it. That's fantastic. And a letter about their D&D campaign is included. That's awesome. Excited to read about that. The wrapping is quite glorious. They did a fantastic job. No, I'm destroying all of it. Nah. This is all being destroyed. Sorry. It's wrapped in a way where it's the only way to do it. What is... It's an embroidered Allura. What the shit? That's amazing! Look at that! That's incredible. It's so soft, too. Wow. Okay. So that's also going on my wall. Look at that. Look at that. That's so cool! Thank you, Naomi! It's stupid. What is this one? (laughs hysterically) It looks like a cloud of Bahamuts are entering this sphere. That is fantastic. That's so cool! Who is this from? Well. Here's the cool thing because I had a Critter already give me a Bahamut, this one I will be able to gift to one of the Critters in the audience who doesn't have it. So I can include this randomly with one of the gift packages that gets won by chat, in the near future. So whoever sent this, you have done a fantastic job of gifting this to another individual, who is very much in need of this for their own campaign. Thank you so much, really appreciate that. Do let me know who it was if you are watching this. So cool! Do you want me to turn it around for you? Durpono said, "More tea for the so much tea basket." (laughter) Marisha is to tea as Matt is to minis. What!? What, what? The woman that sent us the fulgurite necklaces just came into chat. Thank you so much! Kord's strength. What?! That's so cool! I'm using that after this Periscope! That's awesome. Person asked, "Why would a party fight Bahamut, he is lawful good?" Yes, not all parties are necessarily good aligned, my friend. Besides, Bahamut could also come in and aid you, depending on the situation. If your campaign works in large gods. You never know. That's so cool. What did Kelly do? Marisha Ray, rocketing to diabetes one day at a time. Have a good night! Thank you for coming! Yeah, The City Museum, one of the coolest places in the country. Then mini-opening frenzy, then we've got to go. Aw, thank you, Meghan! All right, Marisha, what you got? We've got those two there and the one by your foot. Sure. All right. Okay. This one is-- fuck, you hear the airplane overhead. We live right under a flight path. The things you want to make sure you have as a voice actor, but it makes the landscape more affordable. I'm just calling it like it is! Come on, work with me! Priority Mail box, for this, you too shall suffer! Yes. Sweet, sweet freedom. This is from Mark Hendrickson of Melbourne, Florida. Florida, that's my old stomping grounds growing up. And I escaped. There are parts of Florida that are great. The part I was in was not so great. What is this? Oh, what?! What?! Oh cards, cards fell out everywhere! Oh, Mark sent cards. "Words to appear on stream "or not as you will. Also cards for whoever wants one. Also ale." MARISHA and A whole bunch of cards. Awesome. Ugh, I'm knocking everything over. Aw, it's a little notecard! Aw! "Hey y'all. I once happened upon a YouTube video from a small web show called Critical "Role and thought, 'This looks interesting!' Immediately addicted, I binge watched every "episode until I was caught up on the stream. In one of those five live sessions, I watched Ashley "have to say her goodbyes. Pike leaving was a genuinely touching moment, the first of many. I "had an unexpectedly strong emotional impact, the echoes of which led to this portrait of her. This "painting came unbidden, unintended. It began as a quick sketch on a scrap piece of board that was "laying around. Over time, it grew into clarity, and became focused. I thought you should have it." "Thank you for sharing your game and friendship with the rest of us. You keep me "company while painting late Thursday nights. Love you all and view you as friends, even though we've "never met. Which, now that I think about it, is spelled 'stalker.'' That's what's great about this whole community even though we haven't met, we're all friends. It's pretty cool. Any Critter who I've met in person would say the same. "Here's to the "50th episode and to many more! Love, Mark Hendrickson." Oh, these are the sketches, I think, or different ideas. I haven't even seen this yet. I want to open it and see it. What's the worst that could happen? I don't know, is it? What the shit?! It's gold leafed and everything! That's incredible! And the creepy ice cream truck in the background! That's amazing! Mark, that's amazing! Oh yeah. Oh no, it has to. She's going to flip out. She's going to burst into tears. Look at that! Oh my god. "Pike. "Oil and gold leaf on board. Mark Hendrickson 2016." That's so incredible! Artists, writers, musicians. I can't even. It's what? Oh my god. She's going to freak out. "Matt Mercer, members of Vox Machina, and all the Geek and Sundry crew, please find my gift "for your 50th episode enclosed. There's also a flavor letter that Matt may or may not choose to "use. I found this show not long after the arrival at Kraghammer and I've been an avid watcher ever "since. I believe I've completed two complete binge watches, and I'm sure there'll be more." "Geek and Sundry was the first channel I subscribed to. I have to go to work, stay hooman, "how do you want to do this, and is it Thursday yet? In Sarenrae we trust, signed Lucius "Seawalker," or lucifer753 in Twitch chat. Tiamat. We got a Bahamut, and we got a Tiamat. Pairing of glory. These guys get along, right, I think? Right? I think they were old college buddies. Actually, she looks a little perturbed. That's fantastic. Well, this is the letter we have to open. Oh, look at that! It's all burnt. I'm such a sucker for well-weathered D&D stuff. Ahh! It's got little sayings for everybody. It's so cool! I'm going to put that with the torch and everything, let the group to read. Thank you so much Lucius, it's amazing. All righty. Marisha's opening-- is this the last one, Marisha? Minis? Okay. All right, there's Marisha. What, that's a thing?! Oh, Ryan! I didn't know that existed! I didn't realize that was an option of things to have in life! Yeah, it's true. Booze and everything, you're right. I should've assumed. The artist who painted the Pike portrait is Mark Hendrickson. Wow. Thank you so much, Ryan! Yeah, he will. That whiskey's older than me twice? (laughter) Oh wow. Save the cheerleader. Save the world. If only that show was any good past the first season. Trying desperately to not have the angle of the camera turned to just your butt. It's okay. All right, those are all the presents opened, I think. If anybody who's watching-- If for whatever reason you sent a Critmas present and it didn't get to us or we didn't open it on stream, check in with Ryan or go ahead and write me an email. If you go to my webpage-- I guess it's having a problem if you're seeing it on mobile, but if you look at my webpage on regular desktop, there's a submission form. Submit to me the information about what you sent and I'll see if I can track it down. Chaos happens sometimes and we're trying to do our best. We're also just a small group of people with a lot of things that apparently have come in, but we'll do our best. Anyway, let's get to our mini unboxing now because I have to prepare for our game tonight. Oh man. This is so cool. It's disturbing how much I enjoy this whole process. So! First box unveiled! We have-- oh! What the heck? That's cool. It's an invisible stalker! That's the coolest invisible stalker model I've seen so far, actually. We also have, it looks like, a githyanki. It has a cool haircut. We've got a big old beetle, giant fire beetle. Looking all beetle-like and stuff. And we've got a bulette climbing out of the ground and being all bulette-like. Boom. First pack done. We won't be here all night, folks. Keeping this going at a good pace. Trying. All right, next one. (giggling) A unicorn! Aw yeah! The day that Vox Machina faces off with an army of unicorns is going to be a great day. We've got a dryad coming out of that pack, fantastic. (chuckling) Poor dryads. They've had a rough time recently in our game. Oh, cool, we've got a ghost. A floating ghost with the lantern. And a wolf. Angry nature wolf. Box number two down. All right. Time for box three. Oh, what? I'll show you that in a second. That's cool. We have an invisible female dwarf, the sword in the air, which is cool. She ever goes invis, we got that. Oh, that one's cool, yeah! This is a specter, I think it is? Yeah, specter, which is a creepy-looking, purplish ghost form with arms and a head reaching out of it. The sculpts and the paint job of these minis has improved so much even since the first set came out. It's so cool what they're doing with it now. And a satyr! Grasping his most dangerous weapons, a scimitar and a pan flute, as a satyr should. And a fey spider, which just looks creepy as shit, the way it's ready to jump at you. It's really cool. Fey spiders are nasty, if you guys don't know what fey spiders do, look it up. If you guys have ever played Baldur's Gate, you hate fey spiders. And sword spiders, those guys were bastards. Do it. Do a shoutout. Come over here next to me. Well that's cool. That's really cool. Where can they find it again on Facebook? Wildatlanticwanderer1. Thank you TestSubjectNerd. I got a mummy. And I got a dual-wielding dwarf dude with a cloak. Crossbow, I think he's a ranger? Therithar Goldrin is his name, and he's a dwarf, which means he's awesome because dwarves are awesome. I've got a medusa with an awesome headpiece. And a displacer beast. I love the new sculpt of the displacer beast, by the way, they look amazing. Their pose and their musculature, it's a great sculpt. They did a fantastic job with this set. All right, halfway done, folks. Bear with me. All righty, we've got here-- (chuckling). Woe be those who wander in subterranean places these days. All right, we've got a will-o'-wisp, which I love the new will-o'-wisp sculpt, it looks really cool. Stand up straight! We've got a lich! That's a cool mini for a lich. See that, Marisha? Lich. Check that out. That's probably my favorite lich mini they've ever done. Also got-- oh! Werewolf. Useful should any players befall a terrible fate and take up Order of the Lycan. That's actually really cool. And gelatinous cube. I'm building an army of these now. Must absorb every hero ever. Get in the thing! All right, three more. We're down to the wire now, we got this. That's so cool-looking! You see this? Look at that. That's fantastic, Nicole. I got a fairy dragon. It's all blue and pretty. I got-- that female dwarf you saw earlier? Not invisible. So, both forms, which is rad. I got this guy whose name is Hommet Shaw. I think he's a character from the Sword Coast Legends game or something else, which, if I recall, is visually based on-- friend of Critical Role and also awesome D&D player, I've had the opportunity playing a few episodes, Thomas Middleditch, who is the lead of Silicon Valley and his amazing D&D character. And I got the other half of what makes a fey spider so scary. When they phase. And that's cool, I didn't know they had both options. Two more. I never, ever get sick of this, this is my favorite thing ever. I derive far too much joy from this process of opening mini boxes. That is an empty case. Oh, it's because it fell out. Yes! Mimic! (evil chuckling) Oh snap! What is that, is that Gaelic? What is the language right there by the side? Strahd zombie. Angry yeti! Gah! All right, one more box. Oh, sorry. And this-- oh, okay! I got an orc, which is awesome. We've got Ildia Naythellan, a little player character, which is cool. I got another will-o'-wisp, so I can fill space with them in case you guys get lost. And-- (evil laughter). I can pull it out of its case here real fast for you. I remember seeing if this was part of the set and I really badly wanted to get one, so I'm glad that they had one. We have a young remorhaz, which looks really cool as part of the setup. Pretty excited about that. That's a cool final one to pull, actually. So those are my boxes, I'm curious to see what Liam pulls. We might do a trade depending on what we get. That's a good pull, we got some good stuff there. All right, I'm going to turn this onto Marisha now. Marisha! Oh wow. Aww. Thank you so much, Kyle. Guys, thank you. It's all good. Yeah, it's a process. Seriously. There's the mini spread there for those who wanted to see the full haul. Look at that little guy. All right, time for us to try and get ready. Yeah, I just saw that Geek and Sundry hit 20k! 20k donations already set up today, guys. Seriously, well done guys. All right, thank you all for joining us-- I falter in trying to express emotions, perpetually.