All right, then. Good morning and welcome, everyone, to this year's Critical Role panel. (cheering) It has begun. Can you imagine what would happen if you played a game not on the stream and came in like, "Man, that was a crazy adventure! Anyway." Sam shows up with a new character. As an introduction to the panel, who here doesn't know what Critical Role is? Raise your hand. (cheering) It's a weekly stream where us and a couple of other voice actors play Dungeons & Dragons. I'm just trying to make sure! Yeah, that light is in our face. Anyway, we play Dungeons & Dragons. We're voice actors. We're huge nerds. And we're here at GenCon for the first time! (cheering) Something like two and a half, three years ago, yeah. I think it worked out okay. (moans) I get to be a grizzly bear on the internet. It's the weirdest shit ever. Do you want to make this a Q&A? General discussion hangout? That sounds fun. Yeah, you want to start? Yeah. So for that one person, if you're not busy Saturday at 8 PM, there's a way-too-big theater that we're playing Dungeons & Dragons in that is not at all intimidating for us. We were sent photos of the sheer volume of chairs in that place for us to roll dice and mess around. Travis is going to be naked. Yes! Oh, it's your brother. Just jump off or have Gilmore push you. AUDIENCE Massive rough exodus. AUDIENCE Y'all feel real dumb when Pokemon X-Y-Gold-Ruby comes out next year with a Charzord. Curiously small. AUDIENCE That's really, really cool. So your question? Yeah. Vox Machina's ability to formulate a plan and then succeed in executing it have not changed. They've always failed, and yet somehow succeeded in the end. But yeah, other than a difference in small talk and probably the-- no, Sam's always been as weird as he is. Not much has changed beyond that. It's been nice. How things have changed or not changed from doing private games to the stream. I do miss the morning D&D mimosas a little bit. We're never going to get that back. We've got to bring that back. That's not true. When Ashley went down pre-stream, there was some emotion in that sequence. I'm so glad we're past that. Next question! AUDIENCE Love you too! AUDIENCE Some of those cameras follow me back to my office. They can watch me tear my hair out trying to create interesting stories for you guys. We'd have to put pants on! AUDIENCE We'll see where it goes. The popularity has been unexpected, but at the same time we want to make sure that, if there's going to be anything that comes out of this, that it's on-brand, and doesn't feel like it's capitalizing on the show, and is more a natural expansion of it. So we'll see. We definitely don't want to jump out of the gate and be like, "You guys like this? Well, try "the new breakfast cereal!" Vox Machi-nums? (cheering) There's a guy who was on Craigslist once. That always ends well. Actually, I think the black powder merchant encounter is the best example you can have of fantasy Craigslist in a D&D setting. That's usually par for the course, which is a guy going, "Want to buy a couch? Come and take a "couch!" I have never had an NPC be forcefully dragged by a community into other games. Victor has been pulled into stuff. "Yes, anytime, please come buy things! Learn from my mistakes!" I love that Keyleth doesn't quite know that he's missing limbs because she can probably fix it. You've never met him in game, yeah. And Percy doesn't know you haven't. It's a 6th- or 7th-level spell. So you lose a finger-- You still have to be alive for it to work. Although I will say I do love the idea of Grog normally proportioned with one tiny baby arm growing out. (laughter) (evil laughter) I like you! What would you guys want to come back as, if you have any idea? It's a way to get experience. Just work your way to level four, man. It's really not that complicated when you get into it! The choices are broad, yes, and that can be a little intimidating, but once you make those choices, especially when you pick a class that maybe has a little more limited scope with spell choices, like the sorcerer or bard or something like that, it's not that bad. If you're a wizard, then yeah, you've got to be ready to have that encyclopedia at your disposal. Yeah. Wizards have the book because they can be like, "All right. What am I learning today?" Everyone else in the party goes, "Ugh. Another round of bacon, I guess." There's a Percy, that's awesome! AUDIENCE As long as you bring in the butt flap, you're fine. AUDIENCE Right. What he'll do is he'll sketch up an idea, whether it be an actual small drawing or just the idea behind what he wants to create and the effect that he wants, and he'll bring that to me via email or personal discussion. I'll think about it, and I'll think in terms of what could be balanced for his level and what kind of things he can do without it being a way-too-good ability for his class beyond what's normally capable. For the most part, tinkering is about utility and helpful things, not to really strengthen the class. The one exception was Bad News and that was the one thing that I worked with him that he spent his entire six-month time jump working on. Where everyone else was having side adventures and doing story stuff, he's like, "I spent six months in my workshop trying to make this. I spent all my money on it, and it still might fail on the rolls." He managed to succeed. Once he gets the concept, I'll go ahead and think out, many times scaling it back to what is balanced and I'll write up what I think it should do. Then I'll give him a series of costs and checks he has to make for it. If it's more of a giant, powerful, strength-based tinkering ability where he has to manipulate a lot of heavy metals, it'll be more of a strength-based tinkering check where you take the tinkering bonus and the strength modifier. If it's tinier, more intricate clockwork-style, it's more of a dexterity-based tinkering check. You change whatever ability modifier applies to that roll based on the kind of task that it is. The DC I decide essentially based on how intricate and how good the final product is supposed to be and how good his rolls are if it's a progressive series of rolls. If he keeps failing rolls, that final and third DC check I'll make pretty damn high. So he still has a chance to succeed, but it gets smaller and smaller the more he fails the progressive attempts. It's relatively fluid. It's based case-to-case, because, honestly, the tinkering rules are kind of vague. But they're intentionally vague by the system so you can do what I do and create your own way of letting them occur. I think it's a cool system 5th edition has done, they've given you the tools to figure out in some cases however you want to try and make it function, which I like. AUDIENCE Good, good! The point when Travis just glazes over. That's really cool. AUDIENCE Being concise. It's one of the things that comes with experience as well. You may have an extremely elaborate write-up for certain circumstances. It's also the presentation aspect of it, too. I've gone into a few backstory diatribes with you guys, exposition on certain NPCs because you would ask the right questions, and you can still keep your attention as long as you say it with conviction. It's the difference between going, (monotone) "And then the gods "created the land, and then there was the place that happened and the people went 'yay'," and going, (forcefully) "And then the gods created the land, and the people went, 'Yay!'" As long as you're engaged with the eye contact and confidence, it'll generally keep people engaged more often, a kind of oratory speech foundation. Half of it's not even what you say, it's just how you say it and being concise with the details. When you finish writing up a description of a new location, go back through it again and be like, "How can I eliminate a few of these sentences? How "can I use different adjectives?" And by the way, thesaurus.com is your friend! Both to learn new, cool vocabulary words, but as a way to truncate the ideas you're trying to get across. TRAVIS, MARISHA, and Truncate. Truncate's a word! It's a good word! AUDIENCE Take a moment to go through what you've put down and find ways to condense it a little tighter. And when you do say it to your party, conviction. AUDIENCE And Steven wins! AUDIENCE It was the whole plan. A few more reps. Go! Go! Go! As a Dungeon Master, it helps to instill the idea that, "By the way, guys, if one of you does "poorly, that's going to mess up all of you." So you want this guy to succeed because it only helps all of you. It's kind of your job as a Dungeon Master to help sculpt a story that promotes unity in the group as well. It's fun at certain times to instill tension in the group, it's likely to happen naturally, but because it happens naturally sometimes, you have to try and facilitate that idea of everyone working together as friends and supporting each other. So try your best and, at least in the earlier parts of the campaign, to not try and pit players against each other, because it can breed unfortunate emotions. When they're comfortable in their space, been playing for a while, and they all have built out the core, that's when you can tweak it here and there for those cool story moments. But you still want to facilitate, as the head storyteller that-- As a Master, if you will. To make sure that, to succeed and continue, friendship is the answer! (laughter) Hello! AUDIENCE It's awesome. I've only seen the exhibition hall peripherally, but even glancing through, I'm like, I should have brought another piece of luggage, man. After this, hopefully, I have this three-hour pack where I'll be like-- and I apologize in advance if you see me wandering, and you approach me, and I'm like, "No, I'm fine." It's nothing against you, it's just that I have very short periods of time to actually enjoy the exhibition hall, and I really, literally, just wanted to buy everything. (laughter) Sorry, what was that? AUDIENCE What inspired you to make your individual characters? Yeah. I think that was an early omen. I think you tried druid in Fourth Edition, and you hated it. I guarantee you that if Keyleth goes away or the campaign finishes, you're going to make a character that's-- To answer your question for me, I was inspired to be a dungeon master from having a really bad dungeon master my first six months of playing. I loved the game, I could see the potential for it-- the potential for storytelling-- and the guy who was running was just really, really, really hard to enjoy. It wasn't about the story more than it was "Let's go "kill things, and also I have my own character who's, in second edition, a paladin, but I'm also "going to want to take the samurai fighter kit because I'm the DM and I'm allowed to do that." So he's a samurai paladin dual-wielding magical katanas. And also he's got his griffon mount and his holy sword, and his holy quest was, he woke up and this guy went, "Here!" So yeah, it was very-- it was a pain in the ass. And to walk away was like "No, go! I'm going to run my own game." So then my whole inspiration-- I was driven to do it, because I couldn't take bad examples of it. And then I was just fumbling in the dark for years, going "I guess this is how it works." This is how most of us did it when there wasn't examples of it. You newer folk have such an easier time of it! You were creating a void in a vacuum. Wow, I sound really old and crotchety now. "Oh you youngsters, you don't know what it was like! We had to do reverse math for AC and THAC0!" We'll assume you appreciate you skipped that area, because I know that was pretty quick. And that's basically my inspiration. AUDIENCE Oh, no way! That was you?! (laughter and applause) I'd like to tell Gilmore to open shop further east. "Don't stand there. Try Stillben, "that's a nice time of year." I'd tell Kima to maybe be more of a second-wave fighter-- let everyone else go in first. I know, man! She's got an awesome set of abilities I'm always excited to use, and I'm like "Well, never mind. One day." Kima and beholders is not a good setup, man! She's got a thing with eyes now. It's hate fear. Anyone catches eye contact, she's like-- Good question, thank you. There's Sam with his blue poo. I got sunglasses. Next question. We've got a long line and not a lot of time. AUDIENCE That's a good one. That's a really good one. But something with Aretha Franklin probably. Hell, yeah. Respect, man. It would be awesome if (singing) "R-E-S-P-E-C-T!" AUDIENCE Sorry, what was the question? AUDIENCE Are you sure, man? AUDIENCE Very nice. They're actually metal. That's awesome! That's a 15. That's not bad AUDIENCE That's awesome! Wow! That's awesome! Okay, so what animal would your character be, and what character do you want to voice-over. Like an animal. Yeah, actually. As far as me as a dungeon master? I would be an eagle. But, you know, me as a person would probably go mongoose or owl. But not creepy barn owls with little beady eyes and the big round face. We're talking great horned with an angry eyebrow. That's the barn owl. I like that one too, but they're like-- Good question! AUDIENCE Thank you for continuing to bring the stories that you create for other people. That's fantastic, seriously. Something to take the edge off definitely doesn't hurt. It's always going to be nerve-wracking that first game. To an extent, it's still nerve-wracking today. Still get those little butterflies in your stomach; you just learn through experience to harness that going forward. What helps is to know that all the players are there to support you, especially if you create the right group of people that are in the right mindset. They're all excited for the prospect of living in the space that you create for them. Be confident in the knowledge that they want to have the same good time that you want them to have, as well. Music helps. Soundtracks are great, not just for mood and setting, but it also makes you feel like the silence isn't being driven by you. If it's just you talking and then nothing? That, for some reason, is more intimidating for me as a storyteller. Having some soundtracks or music in the background already helps bolster your mood as you start weaving that little tale. And listen. Listen as a dungeon master. Because even though the pressure is on you, in theory, to run the game, a lot of your job is reactionary and listening to what the players do and say and act as, and bringing the recourse of the world reacting to that experience. When I say it's collaborative storytelling, it really is collaborative. Yeah, you're the dungeon master, but all of you are creating together, so as long as you go in the mindset that they're putting as much into this as you are-- though you may have most of the preparation-- and you listen to what they're doing, you'll find yourself a little more confident in that knowledge as you go forward. I hope some of that helps. There are many things you can try; I'm sure there are other communities out there that can give even more elaborate responses, but off the top of my head, those are some things. No worries. Good luck! (applause) AUDIENCE Most satisfying moment for each of your characters. I still can't believe that. I was watching that battle unfold, going, "Oh..." Laura? I don't want to spoil too much just in case people are behind, but there is a location in the world that I spent a lot of time fleshing out and designing with a lot of characters and structure, and then in one fell swoop just tearing it down. Very weirdly cathartic. It's like spending hours building a sand castle, then just jumping on it. It's weirdly human. I made this! Hah! AUDIENCE I've LARPed a little bit in Vampire the Masquerade. I didn't come in with a great experience unfortunately, because I came into a very well-run, long-running group of like 40 people in Simi Valley and LA. I got thrown into the middle of a direct political struggle as a very important political figure with no idea about how any of the political structure works. Everyone turned to me and was like, "You are the prince's new friend, tell me how the--" and I was like, "I don't know what's going on! Sure, that guy." It was a little stressful. As far as fantasy LARPing, I haven't done it yet. I know one of these days I will. I'm scared to do it because I know I'll enjoy it far too much and I have so little free time as it is. It's going to be one of those things where I'm like, "What else can I give up to make this happen? Sure, I don't need to eat!" But I will probably get too into it if I did. AUDIENCE That's true, yeah. I tricked you guys into LARPing. I ran a 1920s-style Cthulhu-based birthday party and wrote everyone character stories, and they all came in costume and, once everyone arrived, in-character spent the next four hours solving puzzles and wandering the house, discovering ways to get the story-- Yeah. It turned into a Mexican standoff. Yuri pulled out his Tommy Gun prop that he brought in a-- Yeah. He was a secret enforcer who showed up with a giant violin case and was like, "I'm the musician." (laughter) The answer is devoured by the argument. You guys did awesome. Good question! AUDIENCE So you start with Cruella de Vil, which leads into a confrontation with Gaston, which then goes to the ultra-villain Ursula, who you think is the main villain, until you defeat her and the mountain explodes and Chernobog arises. (laughter) You're awesome! AUDIENCE I know, that's how I know you're awesome! (laughter) AUDIENCE I know, it's okay. Because I don't drink at the games, because I'm not allowed to, I'm the Dungeon Master. For me-- A lot of it stems from a theatre background, and there's something about just being on stage that, the nerves are there. You learn to harness that energy, in a way. They never really go away. I think you'll all agree, even getting up for-- all of us have been doing stage for years and years and years, and you at E3, going on to talk about Gears! Like, how nervous was that? It never goes away, and so the best thing you can do is do your best to harness that energy and turn it into excitement. There's no real trick to it, besides for some people alcohol, I guess, but just learning-- (laughter) Wizards of the Coast gave us a bunch of packages of gifts that we're going to give out to people at the live show. (cheering) Yeah. And for those of you with your questions, I do have a panel at 300 this afternoon, video game voiceover. You're welcome to come and bring any left over Critical Role questions as well that I'm capable of answering. It's just me. At 1230.