I-- [inaudible] mic working? (yelling) I am excited for tonight's show! You'll soon know why. We will share that mic. Shame! [laughter] You hit the nail on the head there. It's more the nerves of knowing that there's a lot of people watching live at home, and hearing a lot of people watching it live right there. Having the space, and having to finagle the stage to work so that we're all still comfortable playing, and also people can watch it. We've got some unique challenges, but preparing for it, I am legitimately terrified. AUDIENCE If you want to get the hashtag #releaseourashley going. [laughter] You're easily the better Gollum. By the way, you only have 36 more minutes with those wings. [laughter] I think the rest of that question was, how do you feel-- no, not yet. How do you feel the dynamic's changed based on the original choice was to-- Anyway. [cheering] AUDIENCE As far as the original deal was made to save Vax's life. There are only two people responsible for that confusion. [cheering] They can do it. They're just going to die in the first session. You guys. I mean, the community you guys have built around this. Our show, in my opinion, has taken a backseat to the good that you guys put out there amongst yourselves and other people. I'm always happy to be a small little sparking point for that. It's gotten so much larger than anything we do now. That's really incredible, I think. The game's not over yet. That's a good question, but I don't know what's going to happen. If that ever comes up in the story line, I don't want to spoil it here. When the campaign's over, I do want to do a retrospective Q&A. A lot of [inaudible] campaign were started and never came to fruition, as you all know happens a lot in role playing games. We can talk about things that aren't going to impact necessarily the next campaign. You can ask those questions and I can go, "I can tell you now!" Yeah. [inaudible] I said not to spoil it. Oh man. That's going to be a messy one. I think it's going to sound something like-- Marisha's dwarf? I'd imagine it would be something like, "Hi, I want to come with you guys." They seem like the DnD; blobfish. Just this wonderful, flat creature. If you don't know what I'm talking about, don't know what a flumph is, look it up. Oh yeah, that sounds like a flumph. (flumph noises) Thank you for that. Most awkward episode of Captain Planet ever. Right. Yeah, that's actually a great question, and could be a much longer discussion. I'll try to keep it precise. Much like, for instance, oil-based gasolines, fossil fuels, we have technology that far exceeds what [inaudible] Whoever controls the technology can control the rate at which it expands and is used. I think it's a very similar circumstance that people who can create high-end magic technology also very strongly control the use of it to the best of their benefit, both monetarily and for political power. That is very much how I see that it is controlled through Exandria. I don't see necessarily a perpetual kind of coming singularity, if you will, of magical technology in Exandria to where it would rapidly change in the next campaign. You may see elements of it used more often. As far as more mundane technology, that's going to be interesting because that is a threat in the hands of the common man, being able to do what a mage could possibly do with years of training. Then you have this at-odds circumstance of technology that empowers the little man versus those that should be in power, from their mindset, so I'm curious to see where that goes. I think it's called the baby arms race. [applause] Oh man, for those that haven't seen "There Will be Brawl," it's a webseries that I directed and co-created back in 2008 or 2009. On YouTube. Super low budget, it's a live action film noir, HBO crime drama version of Nintendo's Smash Brothers universe. Well, thank you. I was really proud of it. It took itself super seriously and that's what was wonderful about it. Donning costumes and prosthetics, I played Ganondorf in it. Anyway, that process almost killed me. Exactly. A sequel, oh man. We'll say if somehow a crazy windfall were to hit and the rest of the industry burned down, and I'm like, "I got nothing else better to do," then yeah, maybe a sequel. Right now, I'm a little busy. We had plans for a sequel, but it never quite came to fruition. We had a prequel too, with the actual Kirby murders, because Kirby in our universe is a cannibalistic killer. He wants to eat people and wear their skin! Hats. When he eats Sonic, where does that come from? That's his scalp. Good question! I will say that what the myth and lore that currently exists of the Age of Arcana speaks, many of the poems and stories say it was intentional. Out of eventual distrust and disapproval of the god who at the time held the portfolios. Whereas previously, the individual whose name has been scrubbed from history who held that office, if you will, the portfolios, was destroyed because she felt that she could do a much better job. [applause] AUDIENCE If you see any of us wandering the hall, very discreetly nudge our shoulder and say, "Need "you to sign this, hoping to get out of the middle of this crowd here." And we'll try to do that. (as McCree) He is not kidding. AUDIENCE That spell is bullshit. [laughter, cheering] AUDIENCE Oh man. I knew that I wanted Vecna to be the final villain if we ever made it this far into the campaign. Because he is just your classic DnD villain that I never had the opportunity to do. And [inaudible] Since that is has kind of been building up to this arc, and recently coming to realize that I am going to have to represent Vecna in front of a lot of people who have a lot of expectations with this character. AUDIENCE Aww, thank you. AUDIENCE Like any major arc, those DMs out there can attest to this, you build out the structure in a basic narrative arc until you get to that point. You flesh out, change things based on where the story goes. Things you can tie into it like, "Oh it would be cool if this worked." I didn't have the whole thing plotted out. I had the basic three act structure set. As they played through Whitestone, as they played through the Chroma Conclave arc, as things began to happen, it began to solidify my idea of how to bring elements back in and also try and make it different than previous arcs that have been played. The Conclave was very much a cataclysm has happened, now it's trying to rebuild and eventually when you're ready you go after the villain. This is a very different circumstance. The cataclysm is coming, but you don't know when, and you don't know what's going to happen. I wanted to mix it up a little bit. It's good for the back posture. That is burned in my memory. That is the day I learned never cross Laura Bailey. Look, you've known her longer than I have. That was my moment. (as Gilmore) No, they don't they look glorious. [cheering] Okay, take it! I'll say Allura is Ravenclaw, most definitely. I would probably put Gilmore in Gryffindor. Borderline Hufflepuff, but more Gryffindor. I'm Hufflepuff, by the way. Stress ball, Vox Machina style. You are now unattuned. [laughter] To be fair, shortly after the episode, I filmed the episode of GM Tips about notes and the internet zoomed in really close to my sheet and found out elements of it. It's not super secret. Yeah, because at that point, you couldn't get it, so I was like, oops. Both would have been interesting things. The heart of the tree would have taken her into this embrace and she would have been turned into a fey creature. She would have partially bark skin, much like Saundor had. It would have given her a bonus to her armor class, a couple other things. It would have given her a few other bonuses, but I can't remember all the things, more general fey abilities and such. Yeah, but also gives you vulnerability to fire. Thordak fight. Plus, you would have had Saundor as a patron, which would have been real interesting. When I was designing that, my thought was that probably won't be long term, because yeah. I don't know if you would have been dead, but you would have been a very different person. I don't know if any of the Percy stuff would have happened. I didn't expect you to choose it, but I had a backup just in case you did. It would have been its own unique interesting character arc for you. I like what you did. I like what you chose. Don't tell him anything. Well, flavor text. There's a difference between mechanics and story elements that you will then bring mechanics in for. I hadn't plotted that to happen; I didn't expect her to die. I didn't think to plan ahead in case Kashaw resurrected her. In the spur of the moment, that made sense and then words happened. Then it would have brought Vesh more towards the story, more than she currently is. Vesh is an interesting god-- that may be in future books-- who is not in the Tal'Dorei guide because Vesh and the relationship to Kashaw is more based in another continent. Eventually the system will be expanded. Ooh, man. Yeah, that's a lot to pick from. No, Victor is fun for short bursts. For a long term campaign, someone who is interesting and a little bit different from myself. Senokir would be great. (as Senokir) Because this is how he would be speaking the entire time. (as Senokir) That would be a lot of fun. Well, one of the roles of a GM is a therapist, in a lot of ways. When things happen, you have to be emotionally available for those players to help them through it and other players in the game as well. If a character dies, or if it's a TPK, you have to prepare to like, "All right guys, I'm going to take us out for drinks. We are going to have a little wake for the party." If the party feels really attached to characters and you don't want to actually ruin their lives, you can try to think of story elements to bring them back. Like, all of a sudden they wake up as undead in the control of this mage and now the campaign is to try to shed the shackles of undead. Or perhaps the [inaudible] brings them over into another plane when their souls were to traverse, but there's something wrong when their souls go to another plane. Now their story is being in the spirit realm fighting. You continue the story and the players are really connected and you feel like they got robbed of a proper end. If you think they are mature enough to handle it, then you buy them some drinks.