Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. First off, for those of you that are watching the awesome art sizzle, we are excited, We finally got the opportunity to get our fantastic fan song, 'Welcome to Wildemount', by Colm McGuinness, one of the Critter community and a very talented musician who made that piece. We've been trying to find a way to incorporate it since he put it up, so we're excited to have that as a lead-in of hype for the week, so thank you so much, Colm, for being amazing. You should check out his stuff. What are you-- Are you kidnapping somebody over there? Before we get into the game real fast, let's go over some announcements. First off, tonight we have dual sponsors. First, we have our fantastic returning partners in crime for this campaign, D&D Beyond. (cheering) I wasn't prepared for that. Of course. Wow. So thank you, D&D Beyond, for facilitating that for us and all the good of the internet. He needs an outlet. It's good. It's healthy for him. Our second sponsor tonight is the upcoming game-- maybe you played the franchise before, but we have the Far Cry 5 game, coming up soon. Liam, if you want to talk about that a little further. Thank you, Liam. Thank you. And thank you, Far Cry 5, for sponsoring tonight's game. All right, so, next bit. A reminder for Twitch Prime. If you guys have Amazon Prime, you can easily subscribe to any Twitch channel that you want to for free, once each month. You connect your Twitch and your Amazon accounts together and you can do it with the click of a button, so check it out. If you want to see all the VODs on this channel or any other channel on Twitch that you enjoy, that is a really easy and inexpensive way of doing so. Last week's episode of Critical Role is available today in podcast form, so if you have friends who want to listen audio-wise, those are available where all fine podcasts are downloadable. Talks Machina, next Tuesday evening, about tonight's episode, will be at 700pm Pacific, where it always is. For those of you who aren't in the weird backwards world of Daylight Savings Time, you may have to check what time that is, but you probably know that now because of what tonight's episode is. Anyway, 700pm Pacific American. Our fantastic host, Brian W. Foster, will be talking-- (cheering) I literally brainfarted once and it's like I've always ruined it. It's true. So check it out next Tuesday. WonderCon coming up. We have a Talks Machina Critical Role panel on Sunday, March 25th at 1130am in the Arena. So if you guys are in the vicinity and planning to attend WonderCon, please come join us for the panel. We all shall be ridiculous as usual and I don't know if Sam will be up for bringing his box-crotch onesie from Gen Con last year. That's true. This is true. So hopefully we'll see some of you guys there. C2E2 in Chicago also, which is having a-- We have panels and signings held April 7th and April 8th. You can get your tickets at C2E2.com and we're excited to see you guys there. I met a bunch of great "Cwitters"-- Critters-- Some great "Cwitters" this past weekend in Lexington, Kentucky. You guys were amazing. It was such a great time to interface with all of you, for those of you who were able to come. Thank you so much for being patient. I know it was a wait for a lot of you. It was a joy for me and I hope it was a joy for you. A lot of you were saying you were coming to Chicago as well, so I look forward to seeing you there. Let's see. Once again, 826LA is a fantastic charity that we promote and push for this. They do great work with after-school classes in creative writing for underprivileged teens and children. If you have the opportunity, look into it and see if you can provide any sort of funds to what they do or go ahead and give some time to them. Teach and be part of that wonderful environment. They're amazing. I highly recommend you check them out if you haven't yet. I believe we have some new merch? (excited noises) No! Nothing like Sea Org, please! Well, anybody have anything else they want to say or shall we dive in? All right. And on that note, let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role! [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] For those who are unaware, Ashley just full-on ripcorded out of halfway-a-phrase and it was beautiful. It was adorable. So-- It's all good. So, last we left off, the Mighty Nein have been making their rounds in the city of Zadash, seeking opportunities, information, getting their bearings amongst the various townsfolk, streets, and what goings-on there are. Getting updates from town criers wandering through the roads, speaking with individuals, going into bathhouses where you met up with your fantastic long-lost barbarian. Yasha coming in to join alongside you guys in your exploits. You managed to converse with a meeting, or at least Beau and Fjord met with a meeting of unhappy denizens of the Empire discussing their frustrations beneath the Leaky Tap, and had crossed some information with them. You had gone and made some purchases. You had sold off a few of the things you had acquired in your journeys northward along the Amber Road. You had decided to, looking for work, go to the King's Hall, where they had a task board there and had taken one of the contracts that had been posted. You would be paid to seek the sewers beneath the city, near the outskirts of the Tri-Spire area of the town, for something that had been lurking within those tunnels below. A couple of guards had not returned; one had gone there and fled. You were promised a sum of money, should you be able to exterminate whatever this entity is and bring back proof of its demise. You jauntily accepted this. Before this happened, as a part of a journey towards this Tri-Spire, both Caleb and Jester made their way there, Caleb unsuccessfully entering a nicer district of the city that did not seem to believe or respect his presentation. Jester did so. She got a room at one of the hoity-toity inns in the district and was led to some mild disappointments. Where we left off, the two of you had reconvened and begun making your way back to meet up with the rest of your friends at the Leaky Tap tavern. Probably at a brief distance from each other as Caleb has huffed off, in a bit of frustration. Eventually, Caleb, you make your way to the familiar outside of the Leaky Tap. You enter, the fresh mud now a little bit less fresh and dried against your face, into the interior. At this point, it's mid-afternoon, there's maybe about, let's say, nine patrons in there, and a number of your friends who have been waiting for the two of you to return that are all sitting around a table and discussing amongst themselves. The rest of you guys look across and watch Caleb enter, and then a few moments after, Jester enters as well. Make a perception check. 11? You look around the room and nothing seems to apparate. The clientele all seem disinterested with your presence. There's nothing that would belie any arrival of an entity she spoke of. You do. From Port Damali to the southern gates of the Empire and the Wuyun Gorge, on foot-- which you guys were traveling on foot-- it took you about the better part of two weeks. You passed through Nicodranas-- or you didn't pass through Nicodranas, but you went through along the road and skirted along the side. You took the road pretty much straight there, but it was quite a bit of travel on foot to get there. No, I believe it was Trostenwald. It's a very intricate key. It feels like a dense iron, but it's been gold leafed, or coated in some sort of reflective gold-like metal. It's very well made. It has little scrawlings on it, almost like a spiral in the center. The key itself-- --is probably worth a silver in its own right. Okay. Good to know. You turn back at the three-piece half-elven band that are moseying their way through the afternoon lazily. They're whispering and chatting amongst each other and ribbing each other with their elbows between things, half-paying attention to the music, but it's nice enough to keep atmosphere. As the coin clinks and rolls about two feet off, the gentleman standing with this double set of drums that lays over a leather strap on him-- you can see he's got the shaved sides of his head, this young half-elven boy-- immediately sees that, stops drumming, grabs the coin, gives you a nod, and goes right back into the song. You watch as the other performers all of a sudden immediately look to you and they're all like-- So he's Steve Martin in The Jerk, yeah. (laughter) Later afternoon. Which guy? Yeah, you don't know anything. You can go back and try and ask for information on that, but you haven't met him or know anything. From where you are now, it'd take you maybe the better part of 45 minutes, better part of an hour. It's late afternoon. You're probably about an hour and a half, two hours from sundown. Do keep in mind, and this is my fault too for not keeping track of it, but even with darkvision, you're still seeing pretty low light. Long-distance perception checks without light, you're still at disadvantage on them. I've been bad about keeping track of that. So you can turn things into torches. (laughs) Everyone looks at their equipment suddenly! Well, all righty. What's the plan? You do. You have a handaxe. Are you guys making your way towards that direction? Okay, fair enough. Make an investigation check for you as you guys travel and traverse the city. Yeah, along the way and keeping an eye out, asking a couple questions here and there, you eventually find a very basic clothingwears company. Nothing fancy, but just utility. Pants, worker's shirts, gloves, and cloaks are available. So if you want to buy a cloak, you can do that. Not in this one, no. Your choices are pretty much brown, black, and gray, so you're good. You're good on that one. I do not recall if they had any pricing put down for cloaks. 600 gold pieces, please. Eh, it falls under what would be general common clothes, so I'll put the cloak cost at two silver. Exactly. The further north you go, yeah. This particular area is pretty chilly, especially since you're getting towards the end of fall. It's almost Harvest Close in two weeks. You guys are hitting winter in the very near future. You would know this, too, that snowfall is fairly common throughout the winter here. For both of those together? One silver piece. Perfect. Following that, the task board contract that you recovered and was assigned to you by the Herald of the Hall contains both the Writ of Lawmaster Intent, which is what will give you approval to travel into the sewer without being harried by the Crownsguard, and also gives you the location of the sewer that leads you there. Following the basic instructions and asking around, you eventually find yourselves at the corner of Ruen Road and Dewmist. Yeah. R-U-E-N. As you approach this intersection, largely still cobblestone, a few that are missing and the dust has sift pockets to make it soft. The sky is still light, but you can see the sun just beginning to crest past the near walls, and familiar to the two of you, you guys are maybe two blocks away from the outer wall of the Tri-Spires. At the intersection, there are two crownsguard that are stationed there that are keeping eyes and watching around. Off to the eastern side of that intersection, behind one of the poles that contain the lanterns that are lit at night, you can see the cover that leads into the sewer below. It's less of a sewer or manhole cover, but there's an open drain, and a latch and a small metal pole that prevents anyone from going into it. Make a perception check. "You don't see anything dangerous, Georgie." As you begin to spend time staring through the grate and start deciding how to get into there, one of the Crownsguard stationed walks up and approaches quickly and goes, "Excuse me, can I "ask you what you're doing here?" "I've heard a few things. It's a--" "Apparently there's something down there that's been real scary and--" "I'm not fucking going down there. You kidding me?" "I only know what I've heard!" "No, I can open the grate." "I wasn't meaning to put words in--" He scratches his head over his helmet and doesn't realize he's not getting to the itch. "All I know is that apparently they lost a couple of guys down there and--" "One of them was pissing himself and ran." "Well, be my guest." He pulls a key off of a ring and goes down to the latch on the metal bar that blocks off the entry and pulls it open. "I don't fucking know! There's a lot of them around here!" "They never recovered the body." "Well, you're welcome to go down there and continue." "Yes, to prevent folks from wandering into them." "Well, I'm stationed here for the next several hours, so as long as you return--" "To this one. You'll be fine." "Well, start shouting. Keep that writ on hand and if there's any crownsguard that hear you, "they'll probably be able to let you out." "I'm going to be honest, I haven't been down there. It smells real bad." "I don't think so. We haven't had any heavy rainfall. I haven't been able to hear more than a "trickle down there for a number of weeks." "Nothing I've heard, no." "I understand. There's seven of you." He looks genuinely overwhelmed by all the information and goes, "Good luck, and yell if you "need something." (throat clearing) He pulls the rest of the bar open and you guys have this space, about a foot and a half. Yasha, as you climb down, immediately it drops, and your foot finds a rung. There's a metallic bar that acts as a ladder. As you begin to lower yourself down, you can look to your left and right, and what little bit of daylight is coming through helps fill out some of the interior. You can see what looks to be maybe 15 or so feet across, from side to side, 15 to 20 feet from this wall to the other, slick stones, a slight curvature that leads into a base where there is a small ditch or a basin where old liquid is trickling through. There is a mild decline heading away from the direction you are and a mild incline heading in the direction of the Tri-Spires. The smell is not pleasant, but you're a tough chick, it's never been an issue. So you get yourself down, and it's no more than ten feet to climb to the base of this at the moment. You see from this spot where you've climbed down, the ceiling drops low to about ten or so feet. You're probably about 15 or 20 feet below the surface now. Your torch lights and the bright space begins to open up from side to side. Make a perception check. Spoke too soon. Yeah, you don't have to. You all eventually down into the sewer grate and then you hear the (metal scraping) (click) and the metal bar up top is closed. Make an investigation check. Looking at right near the base of where the rungs are, it looks like there are arrows that point each direction. The arrow to the right, which leads upward, splits into three additional arrows. It's just a continuous arrow. Shh. Don't spoil it! You guys begin to head southward. It's a very faint decline. You can only tell it's a decline in the sense that if you look right or left you can see the water is trickling in the direction you're traveling. The tunnel continues for about 100 feet or so before it curves slightly to the right and then comes to another set of rungs and another sewer-top access. Yes, that was the only notable element of what you were looking for. Perception check. No sense of webbing, no. At the moment, you don't see anything moving, no. Make an investigation check if you want to. You get down and look about, and you don't see any tracks by any means, but you notice that near where the water is-- and it's a faint trickle of water. The stream is about that wide, and you barely hear it moving past. You see elements of sludge that has slowly congealed over time along the edges of this groove that guides the liquid, and you can see bits are pushed like something had moved through in the direction of where you were, but that's it. Angled like something slid and pushed through the water in the direction you came from. About four inches. Yeah. You see one or two that slide out. Make an intelligence check. It's a combination of things. Your alchemical history and heightened goblin senses for waste product. There's hints of excrement. No! No! No! No. All right. Um-- Stop it, Sam! Okay. There's a hint of an iron aftertaste, something oxidizing somewhere in the water, or the water itself. A faint hint of sulphur from the water and things breaking down in the water. Nothing that catches your immediate attention except for -- Oh my God, she's no longer roleplaying! Because you rolled so high, that faint iron aftertaste is familiar. It reminds you of when you've licked a wound or bit your lip. It's very faint. Because you rolled that high, you're like, hmm. So what are you guys doing? Correct. Or continues on the direction you were traveling. Looking at that set of rungs, you can see the arrows that are still marked there. There's a singular arrow that goes in the direction where you came from, and the other arrow splits into two. You get the sense that each of these indicates where the next, if you continue that way, if it's going to divide or be straight. Part of this network of sewers that have been built below Zadash long ago. You were heading down, and the water's trickling in that direction. You guys continue back to where you were and traverse instead upwards. You guys had paid a little bit of attention when you were traveling towards the Tri-Spire, but the entire city is not level. There are grades to it. It was built over hilly terrain, as most of this valley itself has all sorts of varying heights of hills and clusters of hills. The Tri-Spire is up on a raised hill within the city's construct, so as you ascend in the direction of the Tri-Spire, you get the sense that you're not ascending too terribly much, but you're now just about underneath where the wall was. As it curves around a bit, you look ahead as Yasha's holding out her torch, and you can see a T-intersection of the sewer where it continues on straight, or heads to the right, or to the left. You also see more of those clusters of built-up refuse that have created small masses in the ground where the water is pooling and making its way around. Yeah. You can, yeah. And while the floor itself-- the walls gradually come in and become a bit of a level platform and then descend into the ditch where the water is traversing, the ceiling is a continued curvature of it. It's almost like a tube. Make a perception check. You make an investigation check. You see a very faint, barely shifting piece of thin silk cheese cloth-like material that is barely visible on the cusp of the torchlight on the right-hand side of that intersection. As we continue from this point, guys, I want to know what your marching order is as you're traversing forward. Right. We have Caleb at the back. Nott, you're in the middle with them? Jester, where are you? There we go. So you go up and inspect the web? You guys head up with the torch. You come into the intersection. The water is coming down from the path in front of you, directly across. The left-hand tunnel continues for about 40 or 50 feet before it curves off and goes upward again, almost a parallel path. There's water trickling down there that's all meeting here. To the right, where this webbing is, there is no water. It is a dry ditch. Sure. You bring the torch to the webbing and watch as it burns away in a few seconds and turns to ash and dust. There's also a very faint scratching sound. You activate one of them. As it lights up, you bring the torch around to look. As the armor filters up onto you, the weird, warm, humid air of the sewer interior seems to crystallize against your armor. The ice that normally gives a translucent bluish-white color has a strangely yellow-green tint to it. Okay. You take a quick swig. You guys look out in the distant tunnels and you see nothing. It's funny. As you glance down at the ground, though, one of those small clusters of refuse shifts a little bit. And shifts again. I say little. It's a few feet across. They've gotten larger as you've progressed on. There's a bunch up in the hall around you right now. As you throw the ball bearing and it hits, some of it breaks away, and you see horrible matted fur. There's a flash in the torchlight where you see two eyes reflect through, and you hear this sound (shriek). You watch as fangs open up, and a bunch of the other clusters of gathered refuse all suddenly begin to shift and skitter in your direction. I need you all to roll initiative. We had you guys up here. All righty. All of these sewer-faring giant rats begin to rush towards you. Their fur seems to have, over time, merged with other bits of discarded debris and matter, causing this outer shell of broken garbage, trash, and excrement that protects them and gives this look of a horrible, half-burned pile of compost with teeth and fur rushing in your direction. On that note. For initiative here, guys, let's start with 25 to 20. Anyone? Oh damn. You rolled a natural 20? What's your initiative? Oh, that's right. We have Nott and Fjord. 20 to 15? 15 to 10. 10 to five. Molly, what was yours? All righty. It's fine. It doesn't matter in the order. At the top, all of them start rushing in, their eyes glaring as they shift past the torch that Yasha's holding. There's probably six, maybe seven in the vicinity at a quick glance around you, and they're all rushing in your direction. Nott and Fjord, you guys are up first. At the moment, you don't see any. You can. That rat there gets an attack of opportunity as you swipe out of its range first. That is going to be a 15, actually, not bad. That hits! As it snaps out at you, you take five points of piercing damage. As it bites out, you feel its teeth sink into the back of your calf muscle, through the armor and into the back of the thick running muscle. The pain strikes through you. You yank your foot away and you feel something tear. You can feel the blood running down the back of your leg and inside your boot as you feel the pounding of the very dirty bite that it's left in the back of your leg. As you pull away from it, the pounding pain of your leg is also accompanied by the sudden sound of a rat shattering into ice pieces against the ground and disintegrating. As it bites and sinks its teeth into you, the thing suddenly crusts over with a similar type of strange, yellowish-green ice before it T-1000 shatters across the floor of the inside of the sewer. Continuing your round. In one sweep, an empty hand apparates, and water springs out from the grasp as it slams down. Go ahead and roll for an attack. A 14 hits. You can roll damage. As you sweep down, you completely bisect the rat with your blade. It screams out in this loud, heavy, horrible, monstrous squeak. You're not used to hearing what normally is a small rodent sound, but amplified from a larger, bulbous, mutated form that it now has. As you impact, you see it cut in half. It releases this putrid cloud of whatever gases its body holds in it. I need you to make a constitution saving throw, please. You manage to hold your breath and back out of it as it dissipates around you. That finishes your turn? Correct! There's one right there. Each one of these is considered one spot between you. Right there. Okay, go for it. Roll for attack. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. It rears back and goes to leap in the air towards Molly's face. It gets maybe two inches off the ground before your bolt sinks right through its skull, emerges on the other side, and it spins in the air. The momentum of its leap striking the momentum of your bolt, and there's a spray of blood in the air. This noxious cloud of gas emerges from the wound that's left in the side of its throat. I need Molly, Beau, and Yasha to make constitution saving throws, please. It's like popping a balloon. It (explosion). They seem, based on the bacteria and whatever they've been living in, to be carrying a large amount of this gas in their body. What'd you get? Molly, you pull away for the moment and put your coat over the front and block it. The two of you, unintentionally, it gets into your nose, it stings your eyes, you both take three points of poison damage. Finished your turn, Nott? Beau, you're up. As you're coughing, it's stinging all of your senses, and you right yourself and prepare for your turn. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Eight damage. Angrily, in response to this, you sweep down with a giant golf swing of your staff, and as it hits, it impacts, bludgeons the side of its body. It gets slammed, hits the wall, and falls to the ground. Some of the gas seeps out of its body, but it isn't exposed. It is dead, but the method of damage delivery seemingly didn't disturb whatever was contained within its body. Over which one? Jesus! You rush up and critically kick this rat in the side of its body. Wham! You feel breaks and bones, or might be sticks, might be whatever else has created this shell of debris about its body. It gives this screeching sound as falls over onto its side and then gets back in its place. It's hurting, it's barely holding itself in place, but it's angry and ready to snap back at you. And it is Yasha's turn, actually. No, those are all rats. I didn't have as many rat minis for this. Use your imagination! You get the idea. You have enough movement to get to any of those. Over here? One, two, three. Okay, go for it. Make an attack roll. SAM and Yasha the rat puncher! You're not raging, right? It's just a regular attack. That hits. So it takes one point of damage, plus whatever your strength modifier is. Yep. Well, it's one point, and then she adds her strength modifier to it. So four, yeah. So it takes four points of damage. As you bludgeon it, you hold the sword with one hand-- Or your sword's probably still sheathed at this point, you're holding the torch in one hand, so you rush up and fist-punch it. It's not a light weapon, it's not a weapon you can off-hit with it. You could've if that was your action, but you've already punched it. However, you did straight up rush up and cold-cock deck a sewer rat in the face. Once again, you feel the crunching right behind it as it falls over and gets back up, its jaw's hanging off to one side, and it has this horrible gurgling sound as it screams at you. A combination of this reddish blood and whatever putrid green liquid is mixing and pouring out of its mouth. Okay, that ends your turn then, right? All right, it's now their turn. This one is going to shift around, painfully limping to get down and try to bite out towards your legs. This one's going to move, still in combat with you, and go after-- actually no, because you punched it, it's going to continue after you. This one is going to come after you as well, since you rushed up in its way. So the one coming after Beau. That is going to be a 15. Misses. You duck out of the way. The two against you is a 16? That hits? All right, and a 17. Both hit. So you take, from that first one, six points of piercing damage as it leaps up and actually-- You're not raging. Yeah, that's resistance from the rage. That's okay. You can use a bonus action on your turn to rage if you want to. It's okay. So you take six points of piercing damage. As it bites up and you put your arm in the way and it clamps onto your forearm, it begins tearing. You shove it off and it lands onto the ground, spins, and gets back to its feet. The other one, you take four points of piercing damage. As you shove that one off, the other one leaps onto your back and begins snapping at the back of your neck and shoulders, and you shove it back onto the ground, and it readies itself for another strike as they're slowly swarming around you. Ending their turn now, Jester, you're up. Go for it. This is the one that's already been punched too, so you rush up with your handaxe and swing. Go and make an attack roll. Yeah, that hits. Go and roll damage. Seven points of damage. The rat that's face is already broken, even when it managed to bite towards Yasha earlier, it was mostly dragging its top fangs across the side of her forearm as its jaw would not actually snap shut. You finish the blow by taking the axe, swiping down. As you do, you carve into its body and a cloud of poison dissipates from its torso area. I need Yasha, Caleb, and you, Jester, to make constitution saving throws, please. Okay. You manage to hold yourself off, not being taken into it a second time. Five points of poison damage to you as you accidentally inhale a spray of it into your face, you're like (gasping). Five? You also take five points of poison damage. That end your turn, Jester? Okay, so you finish coughing. Okay, then Molly, you're up. Go for it. Which one are you going up to, the one that Beau kicked earlier? Okay, go for it. Roll a d20 and add your strength bonus. 12 just hits. You deal one point of damage to that one. As you reach down and sock it in the head-- Go for it. Well, are you attacking with your-- You have two attacks with the light weapon on the side, technically. Eh, I'll allow it. It's fine, go for it. Okay, so it takes two points of damage. So now you guys are rat punching. You guys are going through and punching the fuck out of rats. Repeatedly decking the face-- Your knuckles are bleeding a little bit. It's not really enough to damage you, but as you're punching down, you're hitting slick oiled fur and jagged points of broken wood and whatever else has jammed itself into its matted fur. But you've managed to hit it a couple of times and it's taken a little bit of damage, but it's still like (snarls). It looks very cornered and lashing out now. That ends your turn, Molly. Caleb, you're up. By Yasha, go for it. Roll for the attack. 13 hits. Go and roll damage on the Fire Bolt. It's a d10, right? Five? Between the punches you gave it, that's enough to finish it. (cheering) There is one more over here that's limping next to Beau. Go for it. 18 hits. Roll damage. Yep. How do you want to do this? Okay. As you turn around the side of Caleb, putting your second bolt in, spinning around, firing, it strikes the side of it, and where you hit it in the side, there's this large pocket of stretched rat skin where it's pulled so far that the fur itself is disparate and you can see the peach flesh beneath the fur. As it hits, it (explosion). It's a combination of force from both the blow of the bolt and the propulsion of the release of gas that sprays right in the direction of Beau. I need you to make another constitution saving throw, please. That's okay, you only take one point of poison damage, I rolled really low for that one. You take one point of poison damage. I'll leave this here as a visual aid, sure. This is the direction you guys had come in from, so the liquid is traveling down this way, and then down this way, and there is no liquid from the side, and the web that you had destroyed is up in this corner. You're going to go in this direction? In comparison to some of the scents you've encountered in this conflict, suddenly the rest of the sewer doesn't smell as bad. Yeah. Okay. As you push through one of the open wounds from one of the ones that was cut through by either Jester or Fjord. I'd say about a third of the body mass is an assembled shell of refuse. The interior of it appears to be rat or animal-like. General array of organs, though a lot of them have a colorless gray or beige appearance to them, and a lot of them look to be in various stages of necrosis, and there's a lot of infection inside. TRAVIS and Yeah, it's pretty nasty. You can go ahead and make an intelligence check. With advantage. Nine. TALIESIN, TRAVIS, LAURA, and You would know enough, from the knowledge that you have, that while there is necrosis in there, it doesn't look like its fully in there. These things are-- Or at least, they were alive up until a moment ago. These infections, when they continued for a period of time, probably not for long. To the right, okay. You do get a glance with your torchlight, Yasha, as you glance up the path across the way, and the path that curves around the side, and you do see a few other similar collections. Though not moving, or not reacting to the vicinity of where you are. Even glancing at the ones who were fighting you, you can see upon closer look that their eyes are snowblind, or infected to the point where they were very nearsighted, or close to blind. The patches in the distance you can see aren't reacting you your presence. No, you're going that way. (laughs) I'd like you to all roll stealth checks, please. I'll let it happen. Usually you have to give that before they roll so you don't know. It's fine. 15 is better. Okay. As you guys continue down the right pathway, you continue further and find the clusters of makeshift bits of discarded material begin to give way as about 20 feet ahead of you, the torchlight begins to refract and reflect against some sort of soft material that is drifting and enclosing a portion of the walkway. You see ahead of you a majority of the tunnel is currently blocked, other than a small path on the right side of it, by a dense webbing of some kind. You see a large knot, or a-- not a Nott, a knot of webbing as well, that is held aloft a foot off the ground. Make a perception check. 15? It does not appear to be moving. Possibly insectoids. This would not be, technically, an insect. I mean, it's webbing. There are many creatures in nature that use webbing in different forms and types. Yes, there's that too. Glancing at this, the mass that is encased in the webbing is about this big. It's about dog-sized. It's about 20 feet ahead of you. Make a perception check with disadvantage, because it does go beyond the torch threshold. That one does not, no. Looking past, you can see layers of webbing continue for about, what you can see, 20 feet beyond that. It looks to be an even heavier wall of it behind that completely blocks continued access into that chamber. You can see two other much larger clusters of webbing that are wrapped around something. You can get to it, yeah. There's bits of it that are drifting below. You see that it does shift every now and then. It looks like there's some sort of a breeze coming through, faint as it is. That's why, from the webbing that is currently held aloft between the ceiling and the floor and the left wall, from your perspective, the first one you see, every now and then you see it faintly shift, as if a breeze or water moves through. To get to this one? No. You can. Okay, is this the one with your activated rite? And the rite you activated was? The Rite of the Dawn. As his scimitar, which is now glowing with this faint radiant light energy, it almost burns through as you carve through. Slowly, it's not an easy cut, but you do carve through. As you do, the webbing begins to curl back and blacken at the edges. As it pulls away, you see something furry and fleshy. As you pull it back a few more inches, you watch as a rat head, lolls out, a tongue falling out the side. It looks to be dry, it looks to be bereft of any sort of internal liquid or life. Well, it does not appear. It's unseen, but you sense its presence arrive. On the dry, dust-covered floor of this interior part of the sewer, where the temperature has dropped and is a little less humid in this area, there are two small plumes of dust on the ground and you sense the servant has arrived. Okay, you put your hand forward and it's like hitting the back of someone's back, but there's nothing there and it catches you off guard, you're like "What the heck?" It feels somewhat amorphous, like a heavy wind pushback for a second, but there's no wind and there's no whipping of force around your arm. It's very strange. All right, Schmidt goes past-- (laughter) Right, so the two of you approach the first barrier to see the second. As Schmidt approaches the second barrier, one of the masses, which does appear to be humanoid in size, shakes slightly, doesn't react. The other one shakes slightly, and you watch as an arm limply falls from the side of it, some webbing tearing, as it does you hear a metal sword clang to the ground. You see a bracer that once belonged to a crownsguard. The bracer (whoosh) and drifts on its own in your direction. You're about ten feet from it. They look pretty dead, they're ten to 15 feet from you. Yeah, do you have any specific order you want to maintain here? All right. All right, Caleb, Yasha and Beau-- Is it Molly and Fjord at the front of the other group? Okay, so Nott goes behind Caleb and then we have Fjord and Molly on the other side with Jester behind them. Okay. You move around that barrier and get to the next ten to 15 feet up where there is the next larger barrier of webbing and the two unmoving humanoid forms wrapped up there. Okay. They both impact and the bodies shift, there's a burst of flame. Some of the webbing ignites and burns and curls away, but it looks like the flame is so instantaneous it's not enough to immediately ignite the webbing. There is a burnt mark on them and neither of the forms move or react to the impact and the web shifts and shakes for a moment before it eventually comes to rest again. Okay, you do it a second time. It burns a little more, as the webbing burns away in that section you can see the crownsguard armor chestplate that is now a little bit charred beneath the impact. They're all still in the back, but you can move forward if you want to move forward. Okay. Okay, you shift yourself 15 feet behind. Make a perception check so you can watch. With disadvantage because, unfortunately, you're away from the torch light to do so. So you're keeping watch. (laughter) Make an investigation check. Prodding around, yeah, there is. From just a glance, they both have coin purses on their belts, folded into their belt, as a protective measure. They both look like they were caught in a state where they'd be willing to travel anywhere and spend money. Okay, you being to pull from their bodies, what are the rest of you guys doing? Glancing about as you inspect the bodies, there's no identifying tag to them. There isn't an elaborate system of maintaining Crownsguard members or identifying that you've noticed at least. Make a medicine check. Sure, easy enough to do. They do. They both are carrying a longsword. They're well kept, not used. You look along the blade and there are barely any signs of indentation. No, but they are uniform design. They're not elaborate or ornamental. The Crownsguard weaponry are all pretty much designed or provided by a similar blacksmithy technique so they all feel like they're uniform to a certain degree. That's enough. It's not too hard to see. As you look over each of the two bodies, both of them have heavy puncture marks, either right in the back of the neck on one of them, or the other one has it right under the front of the chin. The puncture marks are about that wide, about two inches across on each side where the skin and flesh has bubbled and pushed away from the side and they go very deep in. Make a perception check. There would have been some general webbing towards the base of this, but you've burned away that central area. As you step forward, you look beyond where that burning mark is and there is a stark left turn. It curves to the left and looking around the side it curves again to the right, maybe 20 feet beyond that and you see another webbing barrier where there looks to be three different figures. You see now there is another figure that is not part of the webbing barrier but is just webbed to the wall right next to it. Unimpeded to the point it would be an issue. No, you feel a little bit of stickiness when you step around from general fallen bits of stray webbing strands and such, but nothing that would impede your movement. You can go try to either the one behind you or the one ahead. To the one ahead? Okay. You come forth to the web there in front of you to where the two other figures that are massed there. They are both humanoid and you now look over at a close glance as a third one, small, looks to be another one of the rat creatures that is caught in there. You carve through. Go ahead and make an attack roll. Roll damage for the handaxe. Seven, okay. You carve through and a large part tears through before your handaxe stops and you're like (grunts) can't push any more. You try and pull back and as you do, you pull your arm back and it gets ripped from your grasp and it's now stuck and folded, and your handaxe is now wobbling in the web. Okay. You begin to carve around it and pull it out, and you eventually get it free but now there's a cluster of webbing around it almost like the world's worst cotton candy. It's wrapped around the center of it, but it's sticky. (metal plinks) The metal hits the ground and makes a bit of a sound. No, but the metal still hits the ground. You watch as the flames burn around it and free it. It lights up the vicinity a little bit. There's that wedge opening where you've cut in that webbing barrier and behind it you can see the entire floor of the next portion appears to have some sort of webbing layer around it and all the walls are covered in it. Across the way you can see rungs and the end of this portion of the drainage that leads up into where you can see the wind would be coming through, and that faint bit of wind that's pushing through that's causing all the webs to shift is coming from what you can barely make out to be the faint bits of sunset light peeking through another exit. A sewage exit just like the one that you came in. You also see a number of other figures that are all webbed to the walls and encased within there. Make a perception check. You can, yeah. You glance past in the distance. It's too hard to see, unfortunately, because the torchlight is too far away. Well, you're at the second web wall. That's about 25, 30 feet from you so it's beyond the torchlight of where you're standing. It looks like it. It goes to a dead end, but it's all covered in webbing. Because of your rite, you manage to carve through and you watch as the second web wall comes and folds to the end. The bodies that are encased in it hitting the ground with heavy thuds. You can see the other bodies that are webbed to the walls around. On the inside, you can see the end of this. It is a giant web nest. As you walk past, the ground itself is sticky. You can still move, but you're hindered somewhat having to like pull through and it tugs at your feet. You guys watch as webbing tears and builds on the bottom of her boots as she walks in. Okay. You stop and look and you can see the faint outline of bodies that are webbed to the wall. Parts of the faces that are revealed that are gray and lifeless, drained. On the far wall, you see a large cluster of webbing. It looks like a mass of three or four bodies jammed together and you see one body that's right next to where the rungs are that is not as webbed as the others, and there is color to the skin. You see elements of a humanoid face. A halfling, it looks to be. About halfling sized. It is about a foot up off the ground, webbed to the wall, one arm is drifting out and part of the face and unconscious, but is not gray and dead like the others. And that's where we're going to take a break. I know. We'll come back on that. It's because I want to make sure we all get to the bathroom, including myself. I have to pee like a fucking racehorse. So yeah. We'll pick up on the reveal of this non-dead body. We'll be back here in a few minutes. First and foremost, we have our Wyrmwood giveaway, which we've worked through some of the stuff. Yeah, giveaways and laws are weird. I apologize for the heads up, but as part of this Wyrmwood giveaway, you need to be in the Twitch chat to participate. I apologize. We're fans of Deadwood, if you couldn't tell. Right now, the offer is only for residents of the United States and Canada, excluding Quebec, because of laws. We're trying to figure out how to expand that, but that's where we are at the moment, so I apologize if you're not a part of that. I'm so sorry. We have no way to get around it, but we're working on it. For the official rules, you can follow the link in chat. It should be available to you. Tonight's prize is the Purple Heart Adventurer's Arsenal, which you may recognize as the wood that Scanlan had in the last campaign. In case you haven't seen what these arsenals are, it's a dice box as well as a great interior. You can keep your dice, your pen, minis or erasers, anything else you want to keep in there. They're pretty badass. So we have that. The contest has officially started, so all you have to do is go into Twitch chat. Tonight's code is sewers. The plural. Sewers. No. But yes, that's the keyword. Only enter it once in chat because entering it more than once will disqualify you. Good luck, everyone. We'll announce the winner when we come back from the break. We'll be contacting the winners after the break so make sure you keep an eye on your whispers. We'll see you guys back here in a few minutes. [break] From you right now, he's about 20 feet ahead of you. From you guys all together, it's about 25 feet, 30 feet. Jester is a little bit closer. Make a perception check. Okay, Fjord you shift around to join Nott in the back and you guys look off in that distance. You see nothing in the darkness behind you. Who else is doing what? You move forward next to Caleb as well. You guys are finding your feet sticking to the material of the floor webbing. You approach. You watch as the head of this halfling is pulled away from some of the webbing and lifted up. It is male. Actually, because you're still with Yasha in the back, make a perception check both of you. It's low light beyond that so make a perception check with disadvantage. You can make a straight perception check if you'd like. You can if Yasha comes closer, but Yasha has the only source of light. The Dancing Lights appear in the air and begin to drift in help fill out the area, your torch light still being this larger beacon of flame light in the space. Beau, you glance ahead and can see as the chin is lifted, a thick band of tattoos-- A thick band of tattoos that completely encompasses the neck to the point where what's exposed from beneath it's like black shapes and designs completely around. Of the halfling, yeah. Did you roll a natural 20? Your amazing monk-like sight, they're not fresh. They're not fresh. You do not. Also, there's this weird sense that creeps on Nott and Fjord as you're glancing forward and you both turn over your shoulder to see a massive pale white and blue arachnid creature, legs spindling outward, at a width of ten feet or more. Giant dripping fangs and beady red eyes, a row of them glaring right at you as this (hiss) pincers open up. It's right behind Fjord and Nott and it is striking you, Fjord, as its first strike. It's literally here! That is going to be a 23 to hit. You suffer seven points of piercing damage, as its fangs snap right into your chest area. Do you still have ice armor on? I also need you to make a constitution saving throw. You feel venom pulse into your body. Your physicality, however, being somewhat sturdy, manages to resist a large element of the poison that is suddenly thrust into your torso. You take-- that's a terrible roll. You take five points of poison damage. Nott, you look up and see this thing as it digs its giant pincers and fangs into Fjord's body and it pulls back and you watch it vanish and disappear. I need you all to roll initiative. The last place you saw this-- The last place you saw it was there before it disappeared. Right there. These are all the bodies that have been webbed up. Initiative order for you guys, please. 25 to 20. Nice! All right, Jester's up front at 22. 20 to 15, guys. All righty, that was ten to 15? Ten to five. Beau and Molly. All righty, and ten to five? That's true. The top of this round. Jester, you're up first. No. Well, you hear like the reaction of pain, and you glance over just in time to see this large, monstrous spider body vanish in place. Nott is just-- Oh, do you have one there? Yes, but it appears to have been moved since they used the table last time. Oh well. It might have happened, yeah. Where shall we place this? Okay, we'll put it there. It worries me that I get to unveil that and it's not around. It's fine. Jester, you use that as your bonus action to cast. What are you using your action for? Sacred Flame is a cantrip? You can, sure. Okay, you watch as the large lollipop apparates in that space and you cast Sacred Flame. It has no target to effect. No, there's no burst of flame. The spell has no target. The space, all this area here, where the webbing starts is considered rough terrain to move through. So your speed is halved moving through that area. Okay. So you back up onto the rocks and start pulling your feet out of the webbing as you do. That ends your turn? Ending Jester's turn. Caleb and Fjord, you guys are up. I can say you can start to get into it. It doesn't offer you any cover at the moment, but you're in it right now. He doesn't seem to be. Okay. Ending Caleb's turn. You are currently blurring and shifting. Nope. Currently, no. You can. Make a main attack roll. (poof) It hits the stone wall behind it. It's not there. You get the sense that it's not apparently there. That ends your turn. That brings us to-- all right. So-- There is a moment, Fjord, as you back up after releasing your Eldritch Blast where it impacts the wall and you're like, "Shit." You hear this (whoosh) sound and look your right and it appears right next to you. It lunges out towards you again. That is eight points of piercing damage, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. All right, you take 15 points of poison damage. As the fangs dig into the side of your torso, you pull back and try and defend yourself and it pierces your leather armor in your torso. It releases a huge burst of venom into your chest. You feel your lungs and heart seize for a moment and you almost fall back. That burning orcish rage from underneath gives you that last bit of inspiration to shrug off the poison and look back angrily and realize you are in deep shit. All righty, that ends its turn. That brings us to Beau and Molly. Is it bothering you? It's been bothering you this whole time? Laura Bailey, the kind of friend that tells you when you have a booger in your nose. I really appreciate it. You can certainly try. Go ahead and make an athletics check. You are standing in webbing, so it's being able to-- I will say yes! I will give you the ability to leap through and land off to this side using your movement and avoid that ten feet and still manage to free yourself from the webbing. So that was 15 feet of your movement used to leap. Yep. Let's give it a shot. 25! You're not quite close enough. No, you have whatever monk abilities that you have. You have eyes on it at the moment, yes. You start defending yourself, preparing for its onslaught. That brings me to Molly's turn. You're right there. It rolls a natural 19 on its saving throw. That's like three 19s in a row that it has rolled, by the way. Well, the last two I was using the Golden Snitch. This one I used the black d20. It was gifted to me at the end of the last campaign. You must invite the vampire in for it to cross the threshold. (laughter) So, Molly, you moved up there and you're still ten feet away from this creature. All right, so you're holding--? Okay, so you're holding your action in case it shows up within range to strike it. Okay, good to know. That finishes their turn. Yasha, you're up. What's your speed? 30 feet? (counting) Just in range! It spins around after Molly screamed at it, and it goes (snarling). You can see in your torch light, as you're clutching it in your hand as you rush towards it. You're going to have to drop that torch to grab your two-handed weapon. You drop it on the ground, and as it hits the ground, the light flickers off of its eight red beady eyes. It turns, its fangs open towards you and you see the venom and bits of Fjord blood dripping off of the end of it as you rush towards it. All right, you rage, what are you doing? Go for it, roll for attack. 23 hits! Roll damage. It's d12 for your greatsword. Plus whatever your strength-- Oh the greatsword yeah, d12 is greataxe. 2d6, plus three, plus whatever your rage damage bonus is, which I think is two, right? Yeah, it's plus two. It's plus five damage to whatever you roll. Yep. 14 points of slashing damage. It shrieks back. It's hurt, but it's still doing fine. Is that the end of your turn? Yeah. Got it. Nott, you're up. That hits. Roll damage. You get sneak attack. As it opens its mouth, the firelight from the torch flickering in, its horrible weirdly shaped spider-like mutated mouth open up where the pincers and the giant fangs are. A bolt sinks into its throat, and it starts shrieking, backing up defensively, the pain causing it to pull away from you. That's a serious amount of damage. Okay. Make a stealth check. Good to know. That finishes Nott's turn. Jester, you're up. It really did stick to it. Five, ten, 15, there. Yes, you see right where everyone is and where this creature is. 5, 10, 15, 20. It cannot quite get into range. Because yours can only move 20 feet. I believe that's the case. Cure Wounds is touch, I believe. There it is. Okay. What's the-- Well it needs to make a saving throw, right? That is an 11. I think your DC is 13 right? Yeah. Roll damage. Two points radiant damage. Hey, it all helps. A burst of radiant flame suddenly encompasses the front part of its body, between the impact of the bolt, the slashing from Yasha, and the blast, it looks like it's starting to feel a moment of fight or flight. That end your turn? Caleb, Fjord, you're up. It does have partial cover, though, because of the angle you're at. (counting) That'll improve your sight there. That unfortunately does not hit. As it's reacting from the impacts, it begins to rear back, and as it does there's this one flash of light. It seems like it notices its presence and gets really low and flat suddenly. Its whole body, which is massive, shrinks low to the sewer as it passes overhead. It pops back up, ready. That ends your turn? All righty. It's now the spider's turn. That's right, I forgot. Yes, you may. You may. Make your three attacks with disadvantage because it's a ranged attack in immediate face-to-face range. 11 misses. The first one goes wide, second strike. Goes wide again. 16 does hit. Your first time using the glove, you're not too sure how the aiming works and the first two go off to the side, you're like "Shit! Shit!" (boom) The third one finally impacts. Roll damage for that. Eight points of fire damage. Plus, does your Hexblade's Curse do anything on that? Don't you add your-- It's ten, right? (explosion) The second the Scorching Ray blast hits it as it's rearing upright now, and as it lights up you can see the streaks of blue designs across its pale white body. The flames impact and burn around the side, it pulls back ready, angrily back towards you. That ends your turn? It didn't happen. It's trying to decide what is the biggest threat right now. I'm going to roll for it, between Yasha and Fjord. It's going to go for Yasha. You watch as a vein pours out the side, and the currently six intact red eyes of the spider all cloud over black with bits of trickling, dark purplish blood pouring from the edges of them. That gives it disadvantage. Which you are very lucky it is because that was a natural 20. That still comes to 16. Does that hit? You take, from the fangs as it lurches towards you, oof, that's going to be 11 points of piercing damage. Yes, because you're raging. (cheering) As it lurches forward and slams its fangs in the collar bone area, you having no real armor to protect it, you take it head on. The fangs sink and you feel the venom pulse through your torso, through your arms. The burning pains goes through and you flex it off. As you do so, thankfully reducing what would have been-- you only take 11 points of poison damage. It now sees you all moving around it, and it looks like it's been hurting. You watch as its form vanishes. Yeah. You watch as it vanishes from the space. That's where you last saw it. Ending its turn, Beau and Molly, you're up. You cannot make a bonus action attack on a held action so you cannot unfortunately make a Flurry of Blows, I don't believe, as a held action. No, unfortunately. Okay, so you're holding your action until it appears into range. Good to know. Molly. Okay. You step back and stumble over one of the crownsguard bodies that you left on the ground, but you hold yourself there, using it as one foot, slightly elevated platform being at the ready. You're holding your attack action? That ends Molly's go. Yasha, you're up. It appears to have vanished. To there? You can, yeah. As Yasha backs up against the wall, greatsword in one hand, you watch as she puts her arm to her chest. There's a faint glow of very faint whitish energy and her wounds heal up slightly. That finishes your turn, Yasha? Well, Mage Hand is an action to cast, so you can't hold-- Oh, no, with your legerdemain, right? Oh, it means once it's already out, you can do that to use a bonus action. But you have to get it out. So you're holding your action there? Good to know. Top of the round. Jester, you're up. (counting) You can get up to him. Anything else you want to do? Move your spiritual weapon or anything? Okay, so there? No. That ends your go, Jester. Caleb and Fjord, you're up. 20, 25, 30? Yes, you can. Okay. Good to know. That ends your turn, Caleb. Fjord, what are you doing? Okay. In case he comes into range. Good to know. Okay. End of your turn? Last you saw it there. You watch as there's a faint ripple in the air. You just finishing healing Fjord, as he runs past, you turn and smile and turn back just in time to see it, not far from where it vanished, appear right there. It does get a surprise strike on you, which has advantage. Disadvantage thanks to your last ability, so it's just a straight attack roll. That is a natural one. That's okay. It will use its movement to move down, and go up the wall here. If we went by those rules, you guys would've been dead a long time ago. All right, so you do get an attack of opportunity on it as you swing past. Go ahead and make your strike. With your somewhat web-covered-- Right. 17 hits. By the way, those of you that were in range to attack with that held action would've been just Caleb and Nott. Both of you guys get attack-- You were holding your attack, you said. You have to say what spell you're holding. It's either I'm holding an attack or I'm holding a spell. Now you know. Seven damage, nice. A total of nein? So (fwoosh), and as you throw your orb, it skitters up the wall. You almost hit it, but it pulls out of the way before it shatters, the orb splattering acid across the stonework, burning through whatever outer layer of thick liquid has congealed there. From where it appeared? That would've been 40 feet from you. Yes, you do. Goes wide, no impact, unfortunately. That ends the spider's turn. Beau, Molly, you're up. It's above you on the wall. I'll tell you what. I'll give you the attack, you'll have disadvantage, and if you miss, you're prone. But I'll give you the attack if you want to. There is a path that helps with that, but not this thing. All right, you leap up to get your single attack on it with your bo. Go for it. Roll at a disadvantage. That's pretty slick. That hits! Roll damage. 11 points of damage. As you leap and smack it in the face, it pulls up a little bit further away, screeching at the impact. It's looking pretty rough. It's still around, but that was not a positive hit for it. I gave you the one. You're technically just out of range. That was part of the risk. That end your turn? Molly? Yeah, your spell DC would be eight plus your proficiency, which is ten. Plus your wisdom modifier, which is what? Three. Yeah, that hits! Roll damage. How do you want to do this? (cheering) As you screech out this phrase in Infernal-- As its legs begin to skitter upward, and as it tries to escape up the top of the ceiling, it loses its grip upon the top of the sewer ceiling. It falls, slamming on the ground next to Beau, and its legs begin to curl in. As it's shaking, you see blood pouring from wounds that weren't there before. It seems the Infernal itself has affected him physically from the inside. It begins to curl its legs in deeper and deeper, the sound of its guttural shrieking getting softer and softer-- There you go. Okay. That's true. So it is a large body. The actual thorax of it. Okay. Easy enough to do. It's legs are intact, and they're sturdy enough. You bring out whatever robe you have available, and you start binding it and getting it in a position where it could probably be either on her staff or whatever else you have and carry over shoulders. You guys approach the halfling still unconscious, the arm draped out from the webbing. It is very dark, and there's still this torch left in the center there where Yasha dropped it. Sure! You grab the torch and you bring it over. You get a close look. There's the web mass in the corner. There's the other bodies on the side, The halfling looks to be injured in the sense that it looks like they took a blow to the head. There's a slight bit of blood trickle along the hairline. Okay. Go ahead and roll for the hit points regained there. There's a moment after you finish casting it where the halfling shakes the head. "What's going on?" You see one eye is almost still glued shut from webbing that's across the front of it, but he's trying to open it. "I don't understand. What's going on?" "Oh god! (panicked breathing)." He starts looking around, looking up at the faint bit of light now, which it's now just passing sunset. You see a little bit of purple light coming through, and through the little bits of webbing, you can see the grate that leads outside. He goes, "I don't know how I got here." "Well I-- Yeah, I guess." "Well, I was just trying to get somewhere quickly." Make an insight check. You see flames bursting at the side. Every time, he flinches. 18? "I'm sorry, I'm just-- oh god," and he looks over and sees the other bodies on the wall and the webbing. He's just, "(panicked screams) Help me! Please help me!" Okay. He nods. "Thank you," back to you in Halfling. He's beginning to cut him free. What did you say? "Yeah, well it's important when you're an ale hand. You got to move product through the sewers quickly." "Ale." "Not a key, but I-- I have a key." "You have to cut me free first." "Thed." "Thed." SAM, MARISHA, and "I'll be happy to show you once you cut me free." Make an investigation check. At a closer look, too, you can see he's got short, spiky, dark hair and a little bit of a goatee that's trimmed to a point at the end of the chin. The tattoos all across the neck look like they're swirled, serpentine shapes that all fold and knot together, all across the throat, from front to back, like a giant dark band. It's a tattoo, yeah. Make an intelligence check. Yeah, you don't. Okay. You cut him free, he's like (heavy breathing). You do find he's wearing some nice, black/gray leather armor. He has a pretty nasty-looking shortsword. It's been altered to be jagged at the edge of the blade. He has a small leather case that's tucked in the armor. Don't find a key. He's free now, as you cut him free, and he's like (labored breaths). He stands up and he rights himself, and checks everything and he looks to the left and goes, "Um?" He points to the mass in the corner, and you see the mass that's there. It's not a series of bodies. It looks like it's a slowly pulsing sac of some kind. One of them (bursting) (skittering). With a torch throwing and landing, and the Sacred Flame igniting it, you watch as this cluster begins to burn as these tiny white and blue spiders begin to expand out the side. Some of them make it up the sides of the wall. You rush up and like crush a couple of them. Even baby-sized, they're about that big. They're all coming up and they begin to burn. You go and start burning. It appears you've got them all. Some of them seem to have burned, some of them seem to have vanished. It's hard to tell. If you go to the other bodies, you get two sets of Crownsguard armor, and two longswords of the Crownsguard. Right, the total between those two was 15 gold, 60 silver, and 20 copper. You do, and you go through. It'll take you a little while to go through all the bodies here, so we'll get to see how many you get through here. Hmm? Well, I believe it would because it is a volume/space thing. It'll take up a lot of space within the-- and you have two two-foot by two-foot spaces on the two sides, and then you have the main eight-foot cube section there, so. You do find another pair of studded leather armor that has like a sea motif to it. There's shells pressed into it, and a wave pattern on the edges. The person it's attached to has a bunch of tattoos across their body as well, that insinuate a lot of time at sea, different names of different ships that are different points of faded on the body. They may have been a sailor at some point in their life and has expired under here. Okay. Well, the armor's a full set, so it'll-- Yeah, I mean, it's a leather chest plate, leather arm bands and bracers, and then leg plates as well, so it's a full set. You could probably fit all that into your bag if it's the only thing that's in your bag. You stuff it all in there. Beyond that, going through them, for the sake of brevity here, you find an additional 85 gold pieces, 210 silver, and 45 copper. 210 silver and 45 copper. Yeah, while you guys are all talking to this guy, Caleb is going from body to body, putting everything in his pockets. He's not being sneaky. Gold pieces. 210 silver, and 45 copper. I know. It's carried over. Well, he's checked all his things, and he goes, "Okay, I thank you all so much for your help. I really appreciate it. You've saved my life." Okay, as he's doing this, he smiles. You can see he's missing two teeth to the side and he has a septum piercing up in his nose that he rights and pulls back down again so it's visible and he's like, "(sniff) All right." "Yeah." "I'd happily pay you, but your friend already took all my money." That's what he's saying. "What-- if I can be of service, I'd be happy to." "I don't know what you're talking about." "I apologize, I don't-- I apologize. I don't know what you're talking about." Make a persuasion check. Oh, fuck! He glances down at you, looks taken aback, and returns to you in Thieves' Cant and says, "And the rest of your compatriots?" Switching back to Common, he goes, "Look. I cannot tell you anything, except for, if you want to find him, there is a place you can inquire. If I give you any more information and that gets around, I am deader than that spider would have left me." He sighs for a second. "There's a dive, naught but five blocks from here, called The Evening Nip." "Don't say his name. Just walk up to the old man behind the counter and mention you'd like a drink, and while you have no coin, you'd be willing to offer many gifts." "'Many gifts' is the important part. Now, I hope that's been of service, and I-- as you seem to be the types who see it fit to save a person that you haven't met in the bottom of a terrible sewer, I would hope that you would be kind enough to know that that information did not come from me, and that you've never seen me before in your entire life." "As I haven't seen you, either." It's not very well done. Yeah. No. Okay. "I mean-- " He looks up behind him and says, "I've got mine, but I need it for my work." He glances over towards Nott and says, "Unless I'm mistaken, it appears you have a female friend here who could probably help you get around that anyway." "Anyway. I bid you all adieu." He pulls his hood up over his head and his little halfling feet quickly carry him back in the direction where you guys travel the sewer. (distant yell) "I'm aware!" No children. One of them appears to be a woman in her 40s or so. A lot of them appear to be dressed in heavy leathers. They may have been either coming through to try to clear up parts of the sewer; some of them look very poor, and may have come down here in hopes of scavenging whatever had fallen down into the sewer and collected over time. Some of them appear to be similarly dressed as Thed, or at least have a somewhat skulking-type demeanor about their wares. No. There are a handful that look like they probably have traveled this route before and got caught up in it. Outside of the bodies? It looks like there is broken bits of what would have been furniture or a cart at some time that got discarded or shoved down here from above. Other than that, just the general refuse you've come across down here in the sewer. Yeah, you see him. Make an investigation check on that. Okay. Looking about them, and what you can rummage through, he's pretty much naked other than his underoos. Looking through, there's like the Midnight Lorry, you don't recognize that name at all; there's one of them that's the Shell Carrier, don't recognize that one. There's one name that catches your attention; it was called the Pink Giver, and it came through your ports at one point. You remember it coming into port, you were paid to take care of it, offload things, back on-- The name itself was derived by a wooden carving at the front bow of the ship that was of a mermaid with her arms extended that was gifting a human heart that was painted with this vibrant pink color that was its signifying visual. Yeah. Other than that, nothing particular about it, just that you were like, "Oh yes, I know that ship." It's on the back. It's almost universally spoken, and as a language it's used for extended ciphers. Make an investigation check. You can, if you want to assist him. You have advantage on it because she's helping you. Okay. Glancing about, you can see behind the rungs, there's about a two-inch gap across the wall. There is a very, very faint scratch into it that says, although not referring directly to yours, it says "Money pot." Yes. Which catches you off-guard, because you're like, "That's one of our--" While this is happening, what are you guys doing? Easy enough to do. You have quite a collection going. You guys have reconvened, you've gathered your things, the spider has been-- all the legs have been pulled up and wrapped and you have either Beau's staff or something else to lift it with on both sides, because it's pretty heavy, it's going to take two of you to carry. It would have to be you two, it's pretty strong. The two of you lift it. So where are you guys going? Okay. So. Who's going first? As you climb up, Nott, and look through, the sun has set, and the night has gone purple to dark, navy blue as night has taken it. You glance up through and you're looking out into a dark alleyway. You see two sides of an alley, shaded and dark. About maybe 25 feet ahead, it opens up into a fine cobblestone road. You can see fine buildings across the way, you see the lanterns are light in the center of the town. You have not been to this part of the town, but it's pretty well kept, and no one seems to be immediately around to hear you. It is locked. Go ahead and make a lock picking check. No, it's your thieves' tools, so your proficiency bonus plus your dex bonus. Well, two, isn't it? It'd be six. 18. It takes a moment, and you have to reach around the other side and it opens up, and the bars push open. The gap here, into the back of this alleyway, is about two feet tall. Each of you can get out comfortably. That spider is going to need some squeezing. You guys, one by one, get up back topside. You manage to push it through. It damages the body, parts of it break and slide off, it's not designed to fill through that space, but it's still mostly intact. Not quite that bad, but it definitely doesn't look as pretty on the other side. So you all eventually gather up at the top, street side. It's completely dark, the night sky is above you, you can see the warm lantern light across the various street intersections, and along the path in front of the various buildings. You definitely recognize this, Jester. This is indeed the Tri-Spires district. It is night, it is freshly night. Yeah, it's sundown. I'd say with the time it took you to scavenge the bodies, about 30 or 40 minutes after the sun's set completely. Yeah, probably. I mean, in this district, shops are still open past sundown for a little bit, but the later in the evening it gets, many of them close down. Some shops stay open later, you don't know. So you remark it, you close it. You guys step out into the main street, and you've traveled through here before, you immediately think, oh that's where the nearest exit gate in the direction of the hall would be. You guys get about a block before two of the patrolling crownsguard stop and look at this troupe of people walking with a giant, brutalized spider, bright white and blue. Immediately jogs up, both of them. "Excuse me, what are you doing here?" Takes the writ, and they both look at it. The other one has his hand on the side of his blade, each looking very closely at each of you. And you are a motley lot. Going through all of you, sneering a bit in the direction of Caleb. Yeah. A bit frightened at the vision of Yasha, and confused at the sight of Mollymauk. He finishes reading the writ. "Okay, very well, but we will escort you to the gates and you can "continue this on to the hall." "How did you get this in here?" Looks back at the other guard, and they share a brief glance. "Right, very well. Let us "leave, then." They escort you towards the entrance. The opening gate where you guys had passed through, you move through and out into the Interstead Sprawl, at the exact gates where you guys had entered, or you had entered, and you had attempted the night before. "I didn't, well, the Nestled Nook, did you say?" He points over that way, he goes, "To the south side of the Silken Terrace, look for the "small greenish hut-looking building." They escort you out. (laughs) Get you quickly out of the district carrying a giant, bloodied, awful-looking spider. As you're making your way, some of the folks that are walking through start gasping at the sight, and whispering to each other, pointing. Some begin to approach, and somebody else grabs their shoulder, and pulls them back. You become this slow-moving sight through this district. All right, you guys eventually make your way back to the hall. So you're outside the King's Hall. As you approach, some of the guards rush up to you and, "Hail! What do you carry and bring here to the-- What is this thing?" You bring him in. Some more of the guards begin to gather around and then Voloshin is pulled from his interior office somewhere. As he steps forward he says, "All right, they tell me--oh, "goodness me! That's a beastie." He tugs on the end of his chin beard for a second. "So this is it, "this is the one?" (shouting) "Someone wake up Cloen!" "Cloen, and he was the one survived--" Cloen. Clo-en. He goes to the other guards, "Go down there, double check, make sure everything is good, go." Eventually you watch as another guard is brought in. He has a night shirt on, and he looks like he was woken up, he's a little drowsy. "What's going on, I-- oh! That thing, that's the "thing!" He looks immediately scared. He goes, "Great, send him back to bed. Well, that's "what we needed." "You look like just the person I would take advice from when it comes to administrating my people." "I'm impressed, I will go ahead and retrieve your payments to the Mighty Seven." LAURA and "I'm sorry to hear that, that's terrible." Make a deception check. (laughter) He goes, "That's really too bad. Anyway, I'll be right back." "That is property of the Crown, thank you very much." "If you would be as kind to remember these fallen soldiers who protect you and the people of "this city, by delivering unto us the armor and weaponry that they had been lost with, I would be "happy to go forward with delivering your reward." Two of the guards collect them. He comes back. They bring a small chest. "700 gold pieces. Hand me the writ, please. Thank you very much, and I appreciate that," and he sets it out and hands it to you. "So. You seem able-bodied. You've pulled through on something "where few have been able to. If you're looking for more work, I'm sure we'll have things. Bit light "at the moment, but where can we find you, if we're looking for you?" (laughing) "Of course you do. Leaky Tap, good to know. All right, now shove off." Well, of course you do. Of course she does. Ah. Fair play. Now, shove off. As the Herald turns and Voloshin's there, the guards gather the armor and the weapons and stuff. Okay. Good to know. A voice comes through the hall and goes, "Wait. I'd like to meet them." Voloshin stops and goes, "Of course, Lawmaster." He steps back and, from around the side of the hall, from one of the doors on the left side of the building, a human woman comes through, in her early 60s. Once-brown hair has turned mostly gray and shoulder-length, it's curled up a bit into a soft bob on the sides. She's older, her face is weathered and has seen some time. She's wearing robes of gold and white, but they seem to be not ceremonial, or at least worn enough to the point where they look like they're worn for comfort. She steps forward, and she has these warm brown eyes that peek through this face. "Sorry to "bother all of you. Word just came to me that you were successful in taking care of this beast in "the sewers. I am Lawmaster Orentha and I just wanted to extend my thanks. It's not often that "folks are willing to go to lengths and put their lives on the line for the honor of those fallen of "the Crownsguard, and those within the Hall of the King, so I just wanted to say I appreciate that." "The Crown appreciates it, the people of the city appreciate it, and I appreciate it. Thank "you." She turns around and shuffles back into the hallway. Everyone goes about their business again and begins shoving you off towards the door. What's the casting time on Identify again? You guys would be exiting the building just as you've finished that process. You complete it, take a moment to think it over, and you hear them all exiting and talking to themselves, as they're ribbing Beau on the way out. You quickly gather your things. Yup. That was it, thank you for watching. You guys are back at the King's Hall, back in the Interstead Sprawl. I thought I was pretty clear. Everyone else got it. That's okay. I know. Right now it's close to 830, 900. It's still early evening-ish. You guys, easy enough, find your way back to The Leaky Tap, where you can utilize the washroom to get yourselves back to a personable state. It's a darker gray, but elements of where it's been pressed in with leather scrolling, designed to look almost like waves curling on the outer parts of the different leather plates, have a very faint turquoise inlay color on the inside that you can only see when it's directly lit. It looks like a very beautiful set of leather armor. There's no arms to it, other than the bracer plates right there, there's no sleeve. There you go. It's got an arm guard and a bracer there, shoulder piece, the torso portion, a couple of plates that go over that, and some leg guards. What are you guys doing? We'll say you got clean for the expediency of the story. We don't have to roleplay through your bathing individually. Unless you really want to. Always stop me if you want to have a moment. No, you went back to The Leaky Tap. This isn't medieval times. In the fantasy world, it's a weird mixture of different time periods, and when I say they have a washroom, I mean it's a basin with water that is replaced every couple hours that people communally come up and wash in. It's not the cleanest water, and it's probably been used by other people as well, and if you bathe fully in it, it might be changed before the next two or three people use it. In your house. They have one washroom for the multitude of rooms the entire tavern has, and the water is changed every few hours, maybe. That's what I'm saying. But it's functional. Okay. Go ahead and make a stealth check. 15? Would you have taken your stuff in with you? Molly would probably still be in the room. You do. Make a perception check, Molly. You watch as Nott slowly creeps into the room, heading over towards Fjord's pack. I mean. All right. You finish your baths, you all convene down in the tavern. Yeah. When you guys come down there and begin to reconvene, about two tables away you see, sitting alone with a tankard, a familiar dwarven figure to both Beau and Fjord. Ulog, who you had met before. Ulog, with a "G". Yeah, you watch as you guys approach and as soon as you all gather at the table, he gets up and walks over. He seemed to be, yeah. He walks behind where Fjord and Beau are and goes, "Don't mean to bother you, but if I could have a moment of your time, I'd like to talk." "Excuse us." He leads you guys back to where the cellar is. You guys head back, he nods over towards your dragonborn bartender, gives him a nod, walks past, leads you down to the same cellar, it's dark in there. There's no light, but he lights a hooded lantern as you enter and it gives this low, mysterious atmosphere in the shadows as he spins around and goes, "I've been watching you a bit. You're a curious lot. More of you than came to the meeting. Five more. Did you-- and please, be honest, I'm good at telling otherwise-- did you reveal any of our sentiments to your-- of our moot to your companions?" "Went and saw you come back to town with this spider-beast you had on your shoulders, now that's-- take it you're pretty good with a sword, maybe? With a bow? Experienced? What's your skill sets, if I might ask, beyond just being curious?" "That's a little strange, not going to lie." "Yeah." "Understood." "Curse upon ye who made that decision for you." "So you can move quickly, without a ruckus, you say?" "And your friends, do they share our sentiments?" (sighing) "Listen. If you indeed have a heart for goodness in this world, and you want to make a difference, we're moving on to something soon that I think we could use your aid on. You and your companions. Blast, if you need payments, I've got coin I can muster, and I see you do work for coin. I have few others of us who can chip in as well. Other than myself, most of the Knights of Zadash are unskilled in the ways of the arm. We're willing to raise a voice, but not much of a fist, or backing up a word with strength. I'm willing to make it worth your time." "You don't have to answer now. Tomorrow at midnight, me and a few others from the group, the decision makers, we're meeting back down here. If you're in, bring your friends, we can all talk. Give you more information about what's going on, and you can say yes or no at your leisure. But I think we have a chance to really do something good in this city. To change part of the status quo. To root out some of the unworthy at the top. Think on it." "We're not against the Empire. It protects us. There are good things about it. What we're against are the people that abuse the system. There are a handful in this town and their time is up." "Your curiosity is piqued. Come by. We'll talk." "Well, we've been talking for a very long time, and there is a shift coming that we want to ride the wave of. I'll let Dolan tell you the details tomorrow. Anyway." He snuffs the lantern. "Good night." All right. You guys reconvene with the rest of the group. You guys are in the tavern at the table, but you're keeping your voices somewhat discreet. No one seems to be paying immediate attention. For the sake of brevity? Since it's getting late and I want us to get to a good ending point tonight, they will let you in but nobody else. It's not the same guards you met before, and they take your key but they look towards the rather rough-looking, large, scary barbarian woman, they look towards the very shifty-looking multicolored tiefling they look past the, while he is wearing a cloak, still rough, grimy-looking wizard, and they begin to fixate directly on the tiny green, but white mask-skinned halfling creature thing in earmuffs that's squinting very hard and they begin to really pry in that direction before you start thinking this is not going to go well if I keep going-- You know one dive. All righty. Let me pull this up real fast. Easy enough to find! You head to another section of the Interstead sprawl-- No, you have not been. You come to what is a small, dark-wood, rough and tumble dive bar with two very dangerous-looking guards at the outside. You see these thicker human guys, one who is completely bald, pale skin, big square chin that looks like it's been broken in multiple places who has his arms crossed. The other one looks to be a spindly guy who's sitting there, daggers sheathed on both sides, and they both watch you as you enter and they both just stare. Yeah. Which is interesting, because you expect for them to go through that it would be a really rowdy place but it's very quiet. You walk inside and aside from the central candle-lit chandelier that is almost obtrusively laid from a low ceiling with a number of small booths that are built out of wood as well, it has a classic Old-England pub feel, but everything smells of dried beers and ale and rotted wood. You only see two other patrons in there that are at separate booths drinking alone, and across the way you see this very, very old dwarf with half of his beard burned away and this perpetual grimace. He's sitting there looking out. As you enter, he perks up, "Aye. Can I help you?" Yeah. "If I can ask what you're celebrating?" "That's a pretty good reason to celebrate. Drinks coming right up." He goes and gets you guys a number of drinks. The basest, most bitter ale you've had, but it's functional. "They call me Clive." "Clive Bens, and this is my bar." "Pleasure as well." "Never be too careful. Dangerous times. Riots breaking out in the cities in the empire. Folks coming through, you got to be prepared. Don't want to be taken advantage of." "No, but that's why. I keep my front." His eyes are locked in on you. No, it's just kind of creepy. "Sorry, just don't get a lot of your types in here." "Pretty." "Then don't start any. Finish your drinks. Enjoy." He slips them out. There's no conversation. Two people at separate booths that are drinking by themselves and they're all looking at you. There's two other guys, one of them is a younger, plump human male, has a tuft of a red and grey goatee at the end of his chin. No hair on top of his head. The other guy looks to be human as well, he's older in his forties, he glances over at you, he's clutching a tankard, and you can see he has a very familiar tattoo around his neck. The tattoo. It's not him, but it's the tattoo. Yeah. You don't know if it's directly the same, but it's a similar tattoo to Thed who you met earlier. This place is maybe 20 feet by 30 feet. It's very small. The floor appears to be wood boards, there are a couple doors that leave into a kitchen or storage area. It's a tiny fucking dive. You guys finish your terrible ale, and you leave. "Thanks for coming by, have a good night." You guys leave, and the two guards watch you leave. I'm thirsty and have been out of water and I keep going to drink nothing that's there. I do it so much and I hate it! It's fine! Because as you-- Do you guys leave? Okay. You gather your things up you leave out into the street to go onto the next leg of your evening adventure and that's where we'll close tonight's episode. (groaning) I feel like it would be wonderful, and I feel like there would be a lot of very angry, disappointed people. I know, he's old and stinky!