What are the necklaces? Umm... Yes, Pike. Can I cast Guardian of Faith near us, where we are hiding at the gate? Yeah. All right, so, you guys, what are you doing? (mimicking birds) We would be dead. What up, motherfucker? Oh! (laughing) Prone, and then you could-- Drag him. Bye-bye! I'm gonna cast Sanctuary on Grog. She bailed on her roll- No! (laughing) I didn't trust it, it was in the air. 26. 26. Something is off about this troop, but you're uncertain what it is. Okay. All right. Come on, come on. Same thing! 19. He goes, "All right, we'll send a few more men your way." 18. Take the shot. Are we close enough to loot that first body? Sure, you guys-- We're headed that way. You guys then-- Hey Scanlan, I'm glad you're okay. Oh, thanks, is that Pike? Hi! Oh, how's it going out there? Oh, it's good, it's good-- Can we do this-- Okay, okay, okay. What should I do, where should I go, who should I kill? It's choosing between the people in town or-- We need your spells. Yeah, don't waste your spells. Look, let's just face this, wish each other good luck, and we'll meet in the middle. Are we going to flank the entire city center? We're going to make this, it's a town square, if I recall. There's like a, they've got a barricade. Correct me if I'm wrong. They've got a section of the city, of the town, barricaded off. Well, it's not so much a barricade more than they have short little barricades built in for, like, anti-cavalry and for any large, like, siege attempts or... So we can slowly, we can start to surround it. We can be stealthy and singular, we can keep in contact. I can use Earth Elemental to glide and literally pop out right in the center of town and avoid everything. You could walk right in. But you don't want them to see you. I would be underground. Yeah, I just plan to walk right in. And Grog, when you fight this person, if he agrees to this one-on-one combat, is it gonna be fists or a sword? I have no idea. (laughing) Grog, I guess my one concern is what's stopping them from slitting all of these people's throats at any drop of a second? A warrior's honor. A warrior's honor? That's weird, but good enough for me. And do you think you can evoke that? I guarantee it. Men's Warehouse. (laughing) Just crazy enough for it to work. This happened so fast. (laughing) I cast Pass Without a Trace on him. And then we stealth. Any other last-minute things you're gonna help Grog with? Or are we done? We can stay close to him, though, right? I like that we managed to make, like, solving problems with violence into an ABC afternoon special, really. 14. No, that was a seven. Was it? Yeah. No, I think it was a one! (laughing) Alright, alright! Sorry. Cannot make any of these saves for the life of itself. Do we still have Pass Without a - Fuck. You had commissioned an armor that would be silent, but it never got picked up. Oh shit. What? Ages ago, yeah we commissioned. Yeah, I was wondering what happened to that. I thought we had it already. I totally forgot about that. Maybe when he was dying he took it with him. (laughter) He's got it all under his arm. I do not remember that at all. Should we dimension door up there? You're not going to die, Grog. So Kevdak goes into his own rage, as Kevdak goes into a rage, screaming out. (growls) The ground shakes and little stones and rocks scatter across the stonework from the vibration of it. And you see some of those tattoos, the black ink that goes across his chest, you see what looks like a bear that is hidden within the tattoo, that flares up with a flash of dark, deep red crimson energy and then fades back into the chest. War God's blessing? Where the fuck is my thing? Oh, it's right in front of me. Unfortunately inspiration fades in ten minutes. Would it take some time to get like behind that fountain? I want to go right now. I know.