My bad. Thank you guys. It's my mom's birthday today. (all cheer) Her name's Nancy. She probably is. (all laugh) Brains! Wait, you still have the magic carpet, right? So nervous. Hey guys! (all laugh) Oh man, I've had quite a time. I've missed you guys terribly. A lot has happened. I'm sure for you guys as well. I did. No. (all laugh) Well give me, actually, let me rethink on this. I think maybe-- I just-- you know what? Actually, now that I'm thinking about it. (all laugh) It was left by a woman. Yes, Lady Kima. I don't feel fantastic. Let's go kick some ass. Hello everybody. I feel like I should talk to you guys about this later, just because-- What is your name? I'm so sorry. I'm Pike, it's very nice to meet you. Can I shake his hand? Yes. Yes. Of course. I take my hand and scratch the back of my head. (all laugh) Is that-- the thing is covering, so he can't be-- Do we know for sure he's helping us? Basically, where do we get one of those? Oh, can I-- Assisting, assisting. (all laugh) Did you say something about a temple, or did I completely misunderstand? I think-- I think I know where we need to go. Oh wait, I think I read this wrong. (all laugh) So you guys haven't gone to the war camp. You have. Have you been to the lake? Isn't that where that thing is? Well I just-- I don't know if I should be talking about this in front of him. Earmuffs. (all laugh) In this vision that I had, I was pulled down toward the mines. Into the tunnels, below where the dwarves were working. Well, past the goblinoid creatures, and past a great underground lake. Past a jagged onyx colored fortress, framed in molten rock. Past a field of broken glass and bone. Have you seen any of this? TALIESIN and I wonder if there's like-- What if, I mean-- Do you guys wanna like, put me down on a rope, and I can just run around, see if there's any openings? I mean I have a lot of armor. Well no, just like halfway, and then I can run around and look for tunnels. Well some of us can fly, so we're okay. Maybe there's hidden stairs or something, like in Indiana Jones? Is it like a many-armed ...situation? (all laugh) Okay. Swell. Not if we wear our-- I mean, I have-- I can cast it onto my shield, and then on the carpet, and we would have a double-- One. Nothing to add. Well I'm new to armor, you know. Fuck. Definitely not me. She's on the carpet. You won't die today. Oh no. 23. Good thing we didn't cast the light. Roof, roof, roof. This is fucking stressful. Let's land on the roof. We're lighting up now? We're still not safe stealthy. 21. Let's go in through the roof. What is that smile? (shushes) Night-night. Stay invisible. Fuck. Should we go in? Daylight on my shield. How? Nine. Not to brag. I jump on to Grog's foot. (all laugh) Oh, I wouldn't have had to do it. All right, well, I'm in the building. Six. I'm okay, I'm okay! Get skinny, get skinny. Bye bye. 17. Okay, well. I'm still prone? Okay, I use my movement to get back up. Do I also get an attack for doing that? Okay. I will use Guiding Bolt, and I'm gonna shoot that thing. Okay. Do I add anything? Sorry guys. Oh sweet, okay, so. That would be 25. So I roll, where'd it go, I roll 4d6. I roll 4d6. Yes. 16. Wait, what are you at? Can I give him a healing potion? Can I heal him? Okay, I'll use Healing Word. What? 57? Good turn. One down, one down. Sweet licks on your flute. (all laugh) Wait, does he get, do we get-- Was I close enough to him to get an attack? Yeah. (imitates horn) Okay, so time for a Cure Wounds. So I guess. Let's see. I'll go, yeah, I'll go. Can I just go, he's over there? Okay. How close can I get to him? I can't see the lines in the squares. Oh, I have sprinter's boots! I have sprinter's boots. Okay, so I'm gonna use my sprinter's boots. I can-- While you wear these boots, you can use a bonus action, and click the boots' heels together, if you do, the boots double your walking speed for one minute. So then, I'm so sorry, I can't see the squares. So if I can get ten to get over there. Wait, wait, hold on. Can I cast Guided Strike? Which adds ten to-- Hey, get away from him, man! So that's Mass Cure Wounds, so does that heal-- I'll just do Cure Wounds. I'm gonna use it at the highest-- I'll use it at fifth level. Yeah, I'll do it at my highest level that I can cast, which is-- Sorry guys, I'm just warming up again. (all laugh) -- which I think is eight. My spell attack bonus, plus eight? So 5d8 + 5. 18, plus five. Yeah, 23, 23. Wait, what? I can't do anything else, right? What are you at? Everybody knows shit's fucked. Kill him, kill him, kill him! Oh, you killed him? Rip him apart. Good plan. 25. Bye! Hello. Bye! Wait, is that a little icon of you? What? You're an emoji? You've made it. Laura and Sam did leave. Laura had to go to a thing, and Sam had to go to a thing. Hey look at-- (all laugh) Yeah, he's pretty good. Chaotic good. Was my first, yeah. Yup. Oh, well. I'm on the fence about him. He's really pretty great, but I don't know. I'm not really sold yet. I know, we never girl talked about it. I know, we should talk. I just, I really like him, I think he's really funny. I really the fact that he's a musician, but. I don't know, I'm not really sold on him yet. Oh no, you know what? He likes to frequent brothels and things like that, which, you know. I'd wanna give him his freedom and his space. I don't know if I'm into it. Another couple people on there were asking about my ears. And I really like supporting small businesses. And there's a store on Etsy called Tiny Tangerines, and she makes these by hand. And makes like deer, and bears, she makes a ton of stuff. Check her out. It was sad. I was definitely crying. I was like, "no, I love doing this so much!" I don't wanna, I mean, when you spend that much time with people, over two and a half years, you get so attached, and attached to characters. No way! Super hot. I really noticed-- I want a Grog shirt that says "do it." Yeah, there's no way you just thought that up. I didn't know that. I knew-- I came in late to the game, and there were only a couple options left. And I had never played, so. I picked gnome because I was like, oh, that's funny. And then cleric, I didn't really realize what a cleric was. And how detailed it can be if you've never played. And important to the game. So when I started I was like, well shit, this is a little tougher than I thought it would be. But it's been awesome, I love being a cleric. Me too, man, me too. Oh, also, someone asked, who is Pike's deity. And it's Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, among other things. It's the best. Troll penis. (all laugh) There you go. Someone asked if Grog could keep one of his women in the bag of holding. You can't put living things in the bag of holding. That would suck so much. I was in tears. I think also having-- Because with magic and everything like that, just bringing somebody back to life so easily, since we don't have that as much as maybe other games-- It's heightened, so every time someone gets hurt, we're all, I think now, after having that death, all of us are like, "where are you at? "Where are you at?" We're all so stressed out now, which is, it's kinda cool. That would be amazing. Can we ship Grog and Vex? Troy Baker is Pike's distanced dad. (all laugh) Wait, what are you sharing? That'd be a long game. A helicopter? A helicopter shot. Probably Portal, Portal or Dragon Age. Borderlands 2. Ooh, it's tough man. ChocolateSweets a bunch of times has asked would you guys consider cosplay for the games? I think it would be kinda hard for me to play the game in cosplay, 'cause I have probably the most armor now. I would probably switch with Liam or Travis. It's gonna be bad. Burt Reynolds would be a dream guest. I've only had one kill. And it was a dragon. But the thing that I, probably the whole battle with the family that was sort of possessed when I actually died, that was probably one of my favorite battles. Maybe not after I died, prior to. When I got to finish off the dragon-- The dragon? Yes. That night was so amazing because we had, we made it a winter festival. So we all came in our pajamas. It was close to Christmas, that's why it was a winter festival. It was like our little Christmas party. I was super into it. Still love The SHITs. The Brotherhood of the Sisterhood of the Order, or something like that? Probably, yeah. Yes, that's what I was trying to say. What? Are you sure? I still don't think that was a bad idea. I feel like it was a good decision. That was hilarious. Oh, come on. I don't know, man. This is true, it's the OG. I don't know what that even-- Please let's leave it alone. Moving on. What is this, what do we have over here? Well, who was the old gnome that Grog saved in his intro video? No, that was my great great grandfather. Yes, great great grandfather Wilhand. That's right. I was gonna say Lord of the Rings. Maybe Rivendell. I saw it, me, Ashley saw it, but Pike did not hear about it yet. Who knows, that could be the thing that seals the deal. I'll be like, you killed the naga? Okay, let's do this. (all laugh) I actually did step, I kind of did hurt Liam one game. Or Vax. There were some of the girls changing in a room. Vax was very curious to see what a gnome looked like naked. So he rolled stealth, and he did, and saw or whatever, and then when I came back out, and I found out about it. It was just a small human. And I think I stepped on your foot, and gave you some damage. Yeah, a hit point or two. I earned it. I don't know how you do this new one. I think I might have an idea. Well. Taking those mushrooms. Someone wants to hear Gilmore's voice. Gilmore's awesome. Totally. So that means we haven't used 'em yet. My favorite NPC character is a little butler who I think became-- He's the cutest little thing you will ever see, and I think now he works at-- What's his name? He's just the sweetest little thing you ever did see. Bad news bears. My dad was from Sweden. Never been. Hair, obviously. Probably the-- Favorite tabletop games, not D&D? I'm just starting. That's badass. I know, me too. Thanks Danielle! Ty! Timothy! Cool name, Kathel. Luis! When is Honesty Hour? Wait, is this Noncompliant? That's amazing. Yay!