Oh, just jumping right in? We're in a boat? I'm in a boat. I'm in a motherfucking boat. Yeah, but for initiative, we always roll less. Oh, wow. I got seven. And I'm in the boat? Am I close enough to get out of the boat? I didn't even need to get out of the boat. You guys just handled it like that. You're welcome. It's so pretty! I went over to Vax's foot again. I rolled a nine for medicine, just B-T-W. (all laugh) I saw that thing out of the corner of my eye and was just distracted. Ugh, come on! Oh, really? Really? I just rolled a natural 20. Why couldn't I get that for medicine? 20. Sorry, Scanlan. What if he flies? laughs) He looks like he flies, guys. Oh wow, I'm up so soon! Okay, I'm going to start running! Can I jump on his leg or back? All right. All right. We got a 19. And we got a nine. My athletics is a one, total. Wait, no! Hold on. I need to be honest. I rolled an eight. My athletics is a one, so doesn't that make me nine? Sorry. (laughing) Oh my god, that's hilarious. That's all right. I'm tough! Oh, shoot. We've got to get out of here! I'm laying in the dirt. (laughs) Scanlan! Thanks! Okay! I'm going to send a Guiding Bolt to the flying manta ray. So, I have to roll and see if it hits? Yeah, I did. It doesn't hit. It's 12. Can I do anything else? Since I'm just sitting. No. Dang it! 12. Get it! Talk to the hand! Ooh. Ooh! We do have an Air Ashari. We need rest. It's okay. Wait, the light gets a purplish hue? So the arrow's not still lit? It just went through? Can you Light, Tiberius? I have darkvision. Oh, we all do. Can I use Dispel Magic? Okay, I'll attempt. Should we check for traps? It's like Stargate. Make a wall! I'm laughing just a little bit. I maybe peed a little. Because I have Spiritual Weapon, maybe I can try to create a crazy-ass bomb type of thing. Throw the bomb in. LAURA AND Who has really good dexterity? How do we light it? I take my shield and put it in front of a couple people. Is the magic dispelled? For sure? No more magic? We could keep watch. Some of us can stay up. I can stay up, keep watch. Wait, but I had a vision. I had a dream. Well, what I saw was like a-- It's what I do when I'm thinking. I had a little snack pouch. I saw a single, twisted, unnatural black horn of-- Would that work? Good resource. Pike grew up in the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of deep gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream, a dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal. Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal though divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day, Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time, Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand, and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready. I can assist because I have that, as well. No. (all laugh) That's a really good point. It's on the cover of a book. Burn the beams? Excellent. I have something called Divine Intervention. You can call on your deity, and you roll a percentile die, and you can have them help you with something. I don't know, because this is new. Yeah, let's wait until we know what we're doing. Can you take the normal acid and could we make it magical? We should just rest. We'll stay up, because we're good. Can we all fit on the magic carpet? LAURA AND I can water-walk. I don't want to be split up. Are we getting on the boat or doing the carpet? You guys are going on the carpet? I bought a hoodie. Hey, guys! You guys! What the heck. Birthday huzzah! The same height as Abraham Lincoln. Which I'm still a fan of. Ooh. I don't think I am yet, because I missed a lot of games. I'm chaotic good. Wait, chaotic good? Does that make sense? Is that what I am? What is my alignment? It says chaotic good. Wait, but maybe the crack would get healed because of my honesty roll. I've got a wicked streak, man. (groans) Fuck you, Dylan! (all laugh) I'm going to re-watch that. The rest is history? 40-something years now. On and off. It's a long time. You lose track-- I don't know; we'll see. Trinket. Trinket! Why do I have food in my hair? Anyway, who would you guys like to see play D&D with us? I don't know if we can get Barack Obama, you guys. That would be great. Sasha Gray? Sasha Gray is a...? Peter Dinklage is on my hall pass list. Yeah. Yeah. It's possible that will happen. This time around. When we fight K'Varn. Hey, there is an emote Laura! Oh, Trinket. Best and worst D&D memories. I can only read that because it's in all caps. Oh, and you went through-- That's one of my favorite moments. It was one of the funniest moments that we had. I was crying, I was laughing so hard. Oh, man. That's a really hard choice. Mr. Rogers, for sure. I love Mr. Rogers. I had already taken some hits, and then I realized at a certain point, because in the Pathfinder edition, if you're negative-- Your constitution, and then I wasn't keeping track, and I looked down and it was way past my constitution, and I was like, "Oh, Matt? So what does it mean if you're this?" The look that he gave me, he was like, "Oh." And he just paused because he was like, "Oh, that. You're dead." (all laugh) And I instantly started crying. I was like, "No! No no no!" It was horrible! I did. I was like, "I'll stay." "In case anybody gets hurt." I would pick Grog or Scanlan, but also rogues. The damage that you can do is so crazy. Another really special thing that we've done is that during Christmas time-- We always have specials, or winter's fest. And we always give each other presents from our characters. And it's probably my favorite thing, ever. It's so amazing. The first Christmas, Grog gave me two pine cone earrings. I currently want to burn my dice. Because I've been rolling like a-- I know you have. Only cold, random chance of what? Just, on principle, I can't buy new dice because I'm like, "it's not the dice." Minxie! MARISHA AND Hogwarts houses? That is awesome. Oh, Liam. Yeah, man. That was so great. Our warm, comfy beds that we haven't gotten to sleep in yet. Probably Stark. Billy Mays here, with another fantastic creation. I just don't know, because Pike's heart might belong to somebody else. It's my backstory as a character that's just personal. It's my secret that I deal with, whether people know it or not. It's something I'm still working out. I haven't talked to Matt about it. But that doesn't mean I couldn't possibly love Scanlan. There might be a chance. (laughs) What is that? That would suck. Risk. Settlers of Catan. And that's what saved my life. That's awesome. I pictured him with black hair, too. It's funny, because when we first started, and for the two years that we've been doing it, there was an element that I liked about it, that it was just ours, and then when I would try to tell people, I was like, "ugh, they're not going to understand." We get to go and play make-believe, and nobody is judging anybody and we can just go do it. So I was hesitant when we were starting the show, but what's been awesome is that you guys have been so accepting and such an amazing group in the chat room. And how you guys have been supportive of us. This has been one of my favorite things that I've been a part of... in my life? That's a really bold statement. I love it so much. After two years, obviously there's so much more of an attachment to it, but I just love it. I love it so much. Hey, man. Our group text message thread is insane. The fan art that you guys have been putting out is so amazing. It's a Swedish dwarf! Oh, Critters, I love you! Yeah. Yeah, but I feel that also the DM makes all the difference in the world. Find a good DM. Which, there isn't anyone as good as Matt.