We're gonna go find Wilhand. Before I left, did I see Grog in his hat? Grog, you look so distinguished! You look so great in that hat! Where did you get this hat? Oh, Grog. This is just the perfect job for you. You know what? It's just supposed to be a little jaunty like that, I think. Yeah, just a little-- it's great. Yes. Let's go see him. Yeah, I mean, in the backyard we have a pretty large tree. Well, this is nice to see. It's put together again. Well. Shall we? (exhales) Okay. Oh, Wilhand, it's Pike! Yeah. Yeah, we-- I just went around. (laughter) The gate was open. And the dog run. Just went around the dog run. Oh, oh, oh, I'm sorry, I'm very strong. For the most part. For the most part. (laughs) Yes. I'm okay. And Grog did a little bit as well. Well, he-- we made it work, you know? He slept outside a lot. He was smaller then. He was smaller then. He, you know. Sometimes we would make forts. Well, it's-- I'm an outdoorsy type. People have different preferences, and that's one. We'll try it sometime. I think you'll like it. It's so good to see you. Sit and relax, I know where everything is, you don't have to-- I'll get tea ready for everybody. Just sit and relax. Sure. I'm not sure. Bring it up very, very lightly. Okay. Okay. Wilhand. First of all, I wanted to come see you 'cause it's been some time, and I'm so glad that the house has come along so nicely. That's fantastic. Oh, I know what we were gonna ask you. Oh, wait. No, we knew Fassbender was gone. Never mind. Like not a very nice person? Rude. Well, we came-- well, first, I wanted you to meet Taryon, our new friend. Well, okay, I'm just gonna-- You know, I just feel like I like to be surrounded by all types, to sort of, you know, get to know-- Oh. I thought you got-- You were. (laughter) They came to visit, 'cause I had sent them a little money and a letter. And they came to town to stay and to just see the town, and they told me something a little disturbing. Ogden said he's been having visions and dreams about something about a blood curse. Does this sound familiar to you at all? This is true. It's okay. Early 40s. You can even fold up the sleeves to make them super fashionable. So, I don't mean to press you on this, Wilhand, but did you know how he died? I mean, even if you weren't there, did you hear about it? I'm struggling a bit. I feel like you've told me so much about the family, and when they came to town I feel-- I almost feel bad about the way that I treated them. And I feel like they're just, if anything, they're just odd. I'm odd and you're odd and that's just the way Trickfoots are. Well, I thank you for that. I couldn't imagine my life any different. Well, he's my protector for sure. Well. I mean, I didn't do it, we all did, but we killed lots of dragons, and, you know, we've done some pretty cool things. I've traveled very far. It just-- I think-- (laughs) I don't know. I think over, you know, this past year-- (laughter) Here, here, I have-- it's only half 'cause I ate half of it in our journey through the tree. (laughter) But it's half of a blondie that was made yesterday. Well, no, I mean, he was making them, but it's our recipe. I go and get some tea, make the rest of the tea for everybody. I got it, I got it. Sit, sit, enjoy. Here, here. You know, I know, thank you for your honesty, they're great when they're fresh. I'll bring you a profiterolo, 'cause that you will love. I could maybe try and heal you of that. Well, just one more thing. So Ogden, in his visions that he's been having, and he told this to Vex, that he saw visions of me dying, basically, by a shadowy-- I didn't ask him. Okay. So would it be-- (laughs) Would it be different if he had these dreams or visions if he was a follower of Sarenrae or has found faith of some sort? It's, you know, to each his own. (laughter) I'm sure it's nothing, but in case you remember anything. Okay. I'll just take the rest of it. I'll probably have it on the way home. No, no. They're very good, I promise. We're working on it. (laughter) I don't think so. Real quick. I get up and I stand behind him and comb his hair out. It looks so great, just all natural, out, ready for the world, but I wanted to make you just look a little bit more coiffed. Well, can I just say, I think you look perfect. It hasn't washed out yet, but it's fun for a little bit, just to try something. Okay. It was wonderful to see you. Okay. What's that? Shoot. Finish the rest of the blondie through the fshoom. I think so. I'd like to talk to Ogden again. Hello. Did you have a good time today? Well, that's good. It gets pretty loud here. It's true. I take it you went to Firecracker Alley? Yeah, it's real loud. Will you take a walk with me? Well... I just would love to spend some time with you alone, Uncle Ogden. I'll spend some time with you, as well, JB. I just want to make sure I get time with everybody. I'm blanking right now. Is there a temple of Sarenrae here? I would love to walk you to something that I was a part of building and creating here in the city, if you'd like. I walk him to the shrine of Sarenrae. Do you know where we are? This is a shrine of Sarenrae, who I follow, and I wanted to bring you here because I wanted to share it with you. (sighs) How are you feeling? I would. Wow. That's a lot. How long have you been having visions, in terms of this happening with me? And what are your thoughts on JB? And she knows about all this, as well? Well, I think I was at first shocked, and I feel like I need to apologize for my trepidation and wariness at first. Bless you. Just little fairies, sneezing fairies, around here. You usually don't. You just hear them. It's okay. You said you've had some successes in releasing this thing? How do you define this ritual? Is this under any sort of faith that you have? It sure is. But they'll come back again? Is there any way to get rid of them forever? So you want to perform the exorcism on me? Well, this is something that I'll have to think about. We'll have to talk about it with everybody else, especially if it involves them, as well. Do I know? Nature check? Okay. Let me find a d20. Oh, ten. You know, I could talk to Keyleth about that. She would know. And thank you for telling me all of this. I'm very grateful that you're here, and even though our last name has a reputation, I'm proud to be a Trickfoot. I think we can make that happen. Well, let's go back. I have some thinking to do. Oh. Yes, she is. Oh, of course. Are we still going? Oh! Oh, great. I got some details, too. Well, I think-- I would love to get everybody together and just talk some stuff out. Yeah, just like us. Yeah, it is very large. I feel like I don't need this much room. Well, we do get along very well. So I talked to-- and I know you got information, too-- I talked to Ogden, and he told me some stuff that's a little disturbing, but I guess, you know, way back in our family there were these brothers, and one of them sort of was overcome with jealousy, and he killed the other one, and basically, long story short, our family has had a curse because of that action, and Ogden wants to perform an exorcism on me to get rid of this thing. But I don't feel any different, I don't feel like I have anything, and he said, you know, we would all have to be a part of it and go on a mountaintop while there's a full moon, and I don't know. No! No! No. Anything's possible. I just-- I don't feel like they're lying. Unless. Yeah. I don't feel like they're telling the whole truth, but I think something's there, and I can't seem to get to the bottom of it. No. I haven't, yet. That's a very good analogy. Yes. What if-- how much of that potion do you have? I mean, gnomes are small, what if we give them all a shot? I understand. I think I thought-- I don't even know what that word means. Like, if you were to just define avarice. I mean, I don't even-- He said that we go to the highest mountain, we have to wait 'til a full moon, you have to have it be hallowed ground, and just sort of set up a ritual, and he said maybe we could get help from whomever, and I was thinking of Vax, and I don't know! This is so beyond anything that I know! I guess? This sounds so ridiculous as I'm saying it out loud. I feel like I like the mind-reading serum. We could just see. We have four days 'til a full moon. I think you're allowed to be there. Well, hold on. Well, okay, yeah. If it comes down to that, everybody, we have to know that that has to be-- I have no idea. That's-- I feel like that would be an upgrade. No. I doubt that's what it is. I'm intrigued by this mind-reading serum. All of them. And Astra. Yes. And to not go when it's a full moon, so we don't actually have to do it, but we can set it up. Well, I feel like they wouldn't be as on-guard with you. Is there anything-- do one of you guys wanna-- can one of you guys check me to see if there's something in there that I don't know? Vax? Deaw Sarenwae. (laughter) Tonight I'll see if maybe I can get some answers. But should we-- do we do this tonight, this mind-reading serum? And, just so you guys know, I've been discussing with what Vex knows about it as well. I think, from what he said, it's like a bunch of shapes come out, and we would all have to fight them. Shades, shades, shades. I forgot about that. My b. We don't know. Okay. No, I mean, I talk about everything with you guys. Of course I chew on my own toenails. I mean. No, I mean, I think about one time with Scanlan-- No, you guys know this. When I got in a lot of trouble for taking a shit on that bed. Or killing the guy with the mace. Or sometimes I'll go to a brothel. But I don't do anything that bad! I don't know. I don't know if there's anything in there. Okay. Well, when should we leave? Are there any other clerics that we know? Okay. Maybe we go ask them and say-- The family. I mean, it sounds crazy, but maybe we just go up there, go through the motions. So I'll go to them at dinner. Okay, so we've had some discussions and I think it'll take us a little bit of time to get up there and do whatever setting-up you need to do on the top of the mountain, so we were thinking, if you guys are okay with this, of leaving tomorrow morning. It's in four days. Okay. That just sounds like someone who's an asshole. I don't feel any of these things. I say what you say that is what I say. I say, you know what? I'm bored and I think we should do it, even if it's hogwash. No offense. For science. Do you just tuck it in to make it smell nice? It's a waste of 500. Battlemap over there? That means there's another one over there? With Ogden saying they're ready, can I just be alone in the tent for a second? I think to not be frightened. Two seconds. Just quietly, just sort of muttering to myself, or not to myself, to Sarenrae, I don't know what this is, I just hope that you're here and watching, and please be by my side and guide this ritual if it is your will. Okay. I'm ready. Gnomish, Common, Undercommon, Dwarvish. This music. Pike fashion. Tank? Okay. Am I able to get back into the circle? How far am I? All right. Okay, okay, okay. Come on, Gil. Don't fuck me, Gil. You fucked me, Gil. Four. All right. Then I will cast Spirit Guardians into the circle. And I will have them attack. It's okay. Yes. Get 'im. That's like-- yeah-- oh no. Don't you look, Travis! Step back! Step back! Motherfuckers. Well, that's a turn of events. Okay. Am I close to-- Who's the closest gnome? Can I get to them? Okay. I'm going to-- Go up to her. And I'm going to put my mace up to her throat and say-- (laughs) Yeah! How many pastries did you steal? I'm going to say, what the fuck is going on? I know this is not real. Where's intimidation? 11. Damn it. Okay. (laughs) Oh, shit. Yeah, I know. Can I-- How accurate can I be with a Guiding Bolt? Is that dependent on-- Oh shit, yeah. Fuck. I'm gonna drop the mace on her foot. I guess so! (groans) I'm so mad! Fuck. Oh, Doty's not finished walking yet. Doty, keep going. Ogden? Where's the diamond? No, it wasn't. It's-- Ogden. That was bullshit. God damn it! 15. Is he still in the ball? Push him out further. I trusted you. I put myself out there and I trusted you. She's gonna break some legs. it's okay. Surprise them! I'm going to walk over to JB. She's tangled? I'm going to slowly start untangling her. Hi, JB. For starters-- Okay, that's fine. I'm sorry I didn't spend more time with you. But this is unacceptable. This is not how you treat family. And if anything, I hope you learn from this. What do you want? What do you want from me? Tell me and I'll give it to you. It doesn't have to be. But you're very smart. I think there's more for you in this life than you know. I'm going to walk over to Johann and Astra. "Money?" Oh, I know. That was on purpose. Oh! I'm so mad! Where's Ogden? Does he still have the diamond with him? Well, I'm sad. Okay. Ogden? You're not listening to me because you're unconscious. (laughter) I'm going to go over and backhand his face. Hi. Listen. Yeah. Okay. So this wrecked me. So here's what we're going to do. I'm going to send you guys on your way. I'm going to take out my purse of money. I'm giving you all my money. Stop. Don't say anything. I want you, and I want Astra, and I want Johann to leave and I never want to see you again. JB is going to stay here with me. We're going to teach her things. I will put her through school. And her and I together will change the Trickfoot name. But if I ever see any of you again, I will fucking kill you all. Good call. Bastards! There actually is a curse on our family. It's called diabetes. (laughter) Oh man! I was-- After the last game I was like, I feel so bad I treated them so badly. We all have work early, so we're in the same boat.