What? Where's Taliesin? Oh, we could make it a candle. Well you just put the lighter fluid and a rope-- Yeah. And I also have a Pearl of Power, which is up for grabs. Did you say the most amazing thing about it? Yeah. I. Know. I mean, if our hormones were a little different-- The only reason any of us want that belt is to grow a beard. I mean, even though there's some very great... aspects... to the belt. That's a plus. Hey Scanlan, what's your constitution? You'd look pretty good with a beard. Grog has it. Maybe you guys can switch out sometimes. That's a good one. Yeah! Oh yes, I know, we're getting to that. Oh, it's Sarenrae, but that's fine. Well, I know. And I was going to say the past couple days I think I've spent at the temple trying to sort of reconnect and really just tune in and apologize and confess. Okay. 22. Yay, yay, yay! Hey man, that was my new special Celtic die that whoever sent to me. So, well, to start things off, then, how is Liam's foot? I'm so sorry! I'm-- what am I saying? I mean, how is Vax's foot? I'm not sure who Liam is. Hi. Here, just sit on this rock, okay? Take off your shoe. Hoo. 30. That's a lot better. 24. Come on, Scanlan. Come on, Scanlan. What kind of potion did you get? Yes. It looks like she put some lip stuff on. (sings) Say what you need to say. That was a good idea. (quietly) But what about the... they sent the new guards. Whoa! I go up to Captain Damon and I put out my hand and I say, "Captain Damon, it is a very-- "pleasure is all mine." I was a deckhand on the Broken Howl and we heard of many adventures that you had, and maybe you've heard of the Broken Howl, maybe you haven't, but-- It's a pleasure to ride on an airship, so thanks. She can fly. Selfie staff. Well, what about selfie staffs? If you guys need any help, I can totally help. Just so you know. Pike grew up on the outskirts of town, near the Bramblewood. Her ancestors were a family of Deep Gnomes with quite an unfavorable reputation. Thievery, destruction, and trickery left them with the curse of the last name Trickfoot. Sarenrae, the goddess of healing and redemption, had other plans for Pike's great-great-grandfather Wilhand, who left his family at a young age after a dream, a dream that changed the course of the Trickfoot family. Wilhand devoted his life to Sarenrae and pledged from then on that him and his family would live a life of service and devotion. As a child, Pike seemed to have an affinity to heal Whether it was animals, people, or even flowers, she felt she had a purpose in making things whole that had once been broken. She studied and learned the ways to heal through divine magic. She lived a peaceful life, quiet and simple, until one day Wilhand was captured and almost killed by a group of goliath barbarians. One of the goliaths took a stand against the murder of the innocent gnome, and he himself was beaten, bloodied, and left for dead, abandoned by his herd. Wilhand went to Pike for help. She prayed and healed this barbarian as best she could, bringing him back to life. When he awoke, she discovered his name was Grog Strongjaw. After that, they were the best of friends, a rather unlikely pair. Little did she know that in a few years' time, Grog would soon return the favor and bring her back from the clutches of death. After being killed in battle, Pike felt angry. She wanted to be stronger so that it would never happen again. She spent four months at sea, training with the men and women aboard a ship called the Broken Howl. Gripping her holy symbol in one hand and her morningstar in the other, this time, Pike is ready. (gasps) Oh! Is this a challenge? Take a sipsy? Can't we add a little bit extra square footage to the magic carpet? And I'm going to hold his waist. You are! You are! Whoa! (gasps) Matt! What up, four? Hey, it's not bad for the cleric to go last. We could just attach it to all of ourselves, and where we go one, we go all. If they take one, they take all of us. It wouldn't be able to lift all of us. Come on. Advantage because you're a dragonborn. The guy riding him's going to be like ahhh! Bunny go bye-bye. How high up are we, and how much does the bunny weigh? Let's do the math. Yeah! Okay, how long is the ship? Just so you know what I'm looking at right now, I'll show you again. This ship right here. Yeah. That one. No. Okay, so would you say, maybe this area would be about like 60 feet? Yeah, how-- where would-- Okay. Okay. I would like to reach down-- stay where I am-- and touch the floor of the ship, and cast Hallow? Which basically infuses a 60 foot radius with holy power, and any creatures or anything can't harm anything inside the radius. God. Dang it. (laughter) Scratch that! Okay, so here's what we're going to do. Should have done it when we first got on the ship. Okay. That's good to know. Would have been cool. Instead, I'm going to Guiding Bolt this guy right here. No wait. The flying guy right here. Yeah. Cool. I'll Guiding Bolt-- I can't do that griffon up there, can I? 120 feet. Yeah, okay. I'll do that. Oh, man, that's a one. What a fail of a motherfucking turn. (laughter) Can I still move, if I use my Sprinter's Boots? Okay, I'm going to Sprinter's Boots over to Vex. And I'm going to give her a Superior Healing Potion. Oh, I can't give it to her. Here's a Superior Healing Potion! A potion turn. Wait, so she has to use that on her turn, then? All right. Let's just go past this really fast. (laughter) Let's move on. I just healed her. We had a week off. Getting our wiggles out. Kill him, kill him! And wasn't he prone? Come on. Where are you at? I can captain the ship if I need to. Okay. So. I would like to try to create a Spiritual Weapon. Kind of in the vein of-- -- Yondu's little arrow he would whistle at. But like a really big spear, like a big version of that. All right, so I want to pierce it through that guy. Yeah. 18. Seven. I know, I mean, because of how heavy it is-- but wait, I want to do it at a higher level. I was thinking of doing it at a level four. And I know that does 1d8, but then was it just 1d6 because-- One more time? Spell using a slot of third level or higher, the damage increases by 1d8 for every two slot levels above 2nd. It's a three. Or no, it's a two. Yeah. Okay, so it would be 15 total. But then would the, since, so then would I roll the d8 instead of the sixes for that last one? Yeah. All right, I understand. Okay. Yeah! I'm getting a donut. Death by bunny. If these are, like he said, a distraction... Liam, where are you at? Are you okay health-wise? So nobody hired you? Well. Come here. Well, what's your name? Teera. How old are you? Four gold. Really, the box is fine? For sure? Should we do insight? I don't know. I know, all right, all right. Yeah. Yeah, I did.