Hey, can you hear me? Yay! (laughter) I wish I could restore you. Isn't there-- Yeah? Okay. Yeah. If that's what you want, Grog. I don't think that's a bad idea. Of course I will. Grog? What's he saying? Listen, we did that before you knew this sword. We're all strong together. You were strong before it and you'll be strong after it. I grab him by the hand. So he can't go anywhere. Scanlan, I don't think this is a good idea. Look at him! He's getting all weird. I know. He definitely does this when he needs to go poo. But this is so much worse! No. Yes. It's five. Wait, I think I had a plus one somewhere. With a plus four, it's 17. Can I swing my other hand up and try to pull more? 14. I think this is not a good idea. Grog, this is something you wanted to do. You need to fight it. Well, I think we could both do something, but I want Grog to fight this. Then if it doesn't work, I have an idea. No! Grog. Stop just one moment. And I look him in the eyes, I cast Greater Restoration. Still have another slot left, will that work? I'm casting it at 7th-level because that's all I have left. Do I get an advantage? I have. Yeah, it's five. So nine. MARISHA and You die. Oh. You're back to light gray again. You look great. You made a decision and I felt it was the right thing to do. Yeah, it's there. I think that was a great idea. Yes, it was very smart. We shall away. Bidet. How do you feel? I would like to go see my temple. Whoa. It's so wonderful to see your face. Okay. Well, it looks a bit better than I thought it would. It's done. Well, we all did. (giggles) Yes? (sighs) I take it. Percy, what is this? I mean, I somewhat know what it is. I will keep this, at the very least, very far from you. Could you text me the book? I don't have it with me, but I-- I have a cup, and it's a vintage cup. I don't need to talk about this. (laughter) Well, I'd like to come with you guys for a little bit because frankly, I don't really want to be alone for a while. Oh, P-- oh, Grog. I was going to call you Poobah, but then I wanted to say your real name. Because he's learning. He learns something new every day. I'm in. Well, I think you should pick a card, and we deal with one as of right now. And then maybe I'll pick one later. Ugh, just pick one! Time travel. There's a couple of things. If you wanted to go somewhere, sneak away. Just for a little bit, for about an hour, I want to go-- not deep into the woods where Percy and Vex are, but somewhere that's pretty for about an hour, and I'll make my way back. You are a beautiful creature. This might be strange, but I give him a hug. I sit next to him. I came out here to build a little something, so I'm glad to have you out here for a little bit. Thank you for staying with me. (sighs) I feel like Grog would be so happy right now to be around a wolf. I give him a scratch behind his ear. Oh, that's a good boy. I give out a little howl. That was for my friend Vax. Goodbye. After a bit, I head back. Wait, as I'm walking back, do I see him at all? I rolled a natural 20. He's out in the open. I stand and watch for a moment. Oh shit. Hello? (laughter) My internet crashed at the worst fucking time. Okay, so you disappeared? Oh no. Wait, what?! Okay. Maybe we leave it alone, then. Are we leaving? Can I grab Keyleth and Vex real quick? I'll take them to the little spot where I was in the woods. Okay. So hey, I put something together. It's dumb, but I made a bench and I put Vax's name on it and I didn't want to make him a headstone because that seems so final. Maybe he's still around somewhere. I also have these. I take out two of his feathers that I grabbed. And I thought you could put this with the feathers in your hair, Vex and Keyleth, you could do something with this. I'm sure you could make it look a little prettier than it is but-- Maybe we should just leave it here. I think he would too. Okay. I'll let you guys stay. I just wanted to do one more thing. Okay, I walk over to where Scanlan is. Wait, is Grog on the trip or was that-- Hey Scanlan! How are you doing? Now that was bad, wasn't it? The bugbear, you said? I thought I forgot about that, maybe. Listen, I'm glad you're alive. Thank you for saving us all. I don't really have a whole lot to say, I care for you a lot and I wanted to let you know that. Me too. Well, I actually was going to ask you the same thing! Oh no. Can you hear me at all? Sorry, my Internet keeps going out. I don't know what Grog's plans are, but I do know if there were any adventuring to be had, that her and Grog got to on some adventures together. And that he always has a place in my home and I know I would love to-- I'm sure at this point, fully rebuild the temple in Vasselheim. I think things have gone well with Scanlan. Oh man, I'm getting so emotional. Well, I think if we spend enough time together, maybe, I don't know, can we see what else life has for us together? That doesn't have to mean anything more. I know your life, what you like to do and I'll give you freedom. I think there's no one I would rather spend the rest of my days with, besides my pal Grog. I think you get a two-for-one deal! I think at some point, I ask Scanlan for his hand in marriage. What's that? No. Sarenrae's very accepting of other gods. No.