Oh, boy. Well, I knew that after... I guess when we found out that when we were going to start streaming the show and after Pike had died in our home games, I had talked to everybody about wanting to have Pike be a little bit stronger and get a little bit more strength, so when she was in battle she could fight and offer a little bit more to the fight than just healing, which is still important. So I think-- this is a roundabout answer, but I think I wanted her to spend some time at sea and on the Broken Howl and on a boat just basically doing simple boat work. Getting her strength. That's pretty much it. Honestly, it was one of those things where when we knew we were going to be on the stream, I was like, Okay, this was what I wanted to have done on my time off, and because of my background on boats, I was like, "Let's make her a little bit of a sailor!" But honestly, I don't think she had a very exciting life on the boat, other than getting pretty swole. Was the scar from that time? I thought I'd already had it! No! I forgot that was your dad's name. (laughter) Hey! (high-pitched) Um. (laughter) I would like to think that that's the reason why, but I believe it's because I live across the country. So I know Matt found a way around that, which I'm so thankful that he did. And here I am, still an astral projection. A high-def astral project! Uh. (laughter) Yeah. Getting that was huge. I mean, I don't know how many times that I went unconscious in battle after that, but-- A lot. And, you know, getting that vestige was such a huge part of Pike feeling important in battle. Getting the courage to go out and be in the middle, and knowing that it would be okay if she got knocked out a couple times, and she'd be fine. Yes. Books are magic! But both are true. Sorry, I initially was trying to figure out what question you were asking, Brian. Sorry. Oh, I did. I'm just not acknowledging it. (laughter) What's in the box?! That is the one question that I had this whole entire evening. Yeah, it still drives me crazy. And when we were coming back for the last part of the wrap-up, and when we all met up and were like, okay, this is what we did in our time off for the last games, I was going to go look for the box and I forgot to tell you that when we were all in to figure out what we were doing. We started the game, and I was like, "Shit!" I still don't believe you. Nope! (laughter) I feel like I got into that as we played some games with Scanlan again. I think Grog and Pike were so hurt. I think me as a player was-- hi. I think me as a player, I was bummed because I was gone so much and then he left while I was gone and then there was this new guy. I mean, Taryon was great, but come on, I want to play with Scanlan. I know I said a lot of the things in one of the later games after he came back. Once Pike got the courage. I don't know. That's one of those things that you never know that maybe-- I don't think Pike would have been able to stop him. He was going to go no matter what. That would have been very fun. That goes back to all of us giving Matt a little kernel of something and him taking it with his amazing storytelling. I just knew that my family was going to be tricksters and thieves and that whole thing, hence the last name. I didn't know any of that was going to happen, obviously, but I would have gone with it if it would have happened. That would have been fun, to see an evil Pike. We were very Scooby-Dooed. Guiding Bolt up the butt? Me too. Yeah. I think it-- well, I don't think, I know. A lot of it started in the letter. Even in our home games, I think the two of us would flirt a little bit. Sorry, babe. She didn't take it very seriously because she didn't think that he was very serious about it. As you guys heard, that letter is very intense. When he left, she realized how much she cared for him and missed him. When he came back, he was different and a little bit more mature and she thought the time had passed. That is not so! It was this slow climb after the letter. Well, for a very long time it was Percy. I think that-- I think she saw through her faith and the light that she carried within her that he was a marked man. She could see the weight on his shoulders and the darkness that he carried with him. She did so much thinking and praying for his soul. I think all of that time spent on him was confusing to her. Obviously, it never would've worked! But in the end, it was always Scanlan. I think there was some time there where she was a little taken by the dark side. It's all just a little bit more personal. I think it goes back to my first game. That changed my life.