Woo-hoo! Yeah, whatever, getting a tan. I finally splurged on your episodes, Marisha. I did. And I've liked all of the things that you liked. Now I'm going to watch Hector's. I wasn't a part of that cow episode, but I remember watching it, and I was like, "This is "ludicrous." I was laughing so hard, I had projectile tears. I was like, "This is the "weirdest thing that's happened in this game." Probably Sully, who plays Kurt, the main guy-- or no, we'll start with Jane Doe. I think she would be a fighter, straight-up fighter class. I think Kurt Weller, Sully, would be a barbarian. I think Zapata would be a rogue. I would probably be a bard or probably still a cleric. Yeah, so I am. It's called Dungeons and Dragons. Put it in where we can. Just stick it right in. Outreach, our outreach campaign. I know, they're coming in fast. Coming in hot! I don't know if Pike could do it. Even if they were really bad or something was terrible, I feel like Pike would try anything to not kill one of the members. No, I will not! Tonight is an exception, my friend! Yeah, there's still something in them that should still be there. I don't think there's anything that can make her kill somebody. Except tonight. I feel like Pike would've probably stayed, hanging out in the Bramblewood, living with Wilhand. I feel like she's pretty small-town, I think this is such a huge adventure for Pike, and the only thing that brought Pike out of it was because of Grog, was a family, and being like, "Well, I guess I'll leave, try to help him and find him." I don't think she would've explored that much, she would've stayed. So Vox Machina brought out the best! MARISHA and Yes, such a good theme song! I feel like it would be so fun to be an evil character. (evil voice) We should do an evil one-shot. That was so, I was like, "This has got to be it." I actually didn't know that. I didn't know that you thought of the titles. Because they're fantastic. It makes sense, I don't know who else I thought would've done it besides you. Would you cry? I would cry. That was horrible. It's true. I feel like we've all become the characters so much. It's been fun. I almost still feel like Pike is a little bit of act one. Even with everything that's happening, I'm still a little like, "Ooh, there's more there." Yeah, but it's getting there. Someone asked what led to Ashley and Travis deciding to link their backstories together? That was actually not my decision. That was how he put it together, which I thought was really cool because I came to the second game that you guys played? Which is so crazy because how our friendship in-game has turned out is so huge in the game for me. Which I wonder if that wasn't the story, how different that would have been. But that's such a huge part of the story for me. So crazy. There's a lot of things. Because I haven't even gotten to deal with this motherfuck yet about what's been going on with him. Him being Vax, not Liam. But still, the split-second where I was like, shit, I got it wrong. No, I didn't! This is actually a cool question. This is for Matt, and I would like to know this. Has there been something in-game that's happened that has absolutely shocked you? Where you were like, this is something that's never happened in a game I've DMed. That was the worst. Hey! Rude. It's going not well at all. This is very not good. We did pretty well, considering. That was the worst cliffhanger of a game. I know, I know. They asked-- when I brought the mug to set, because I asked them, I was like, "I want to "have one mug that my character uses." And they were like, "Okay, pick out a mug," and I was like, oh, I already have one. And I brought the Critical Role mug and they were like, "Oh, cool. What is "this?" And I was like, "Just the coolest thing ever. Don't worry about it. This is what I'm "using." But then I couldn't do it for so many episodes because it had to be cleared by NBC. And they're like, "Well, what is this Critical Role?" And I'm like, "Well!" So I had to go through and, they're like, "Can we use it?" I was like, "Of course." Yeah. And I was like, "Well, it's a "Dungeons & Dragons game I play with my friends--" And then with the writers, I think they started hearing about it. Some of them have started watching it, which is so funny. And then they started adding little stuff here and there about that my character plays Dungeons & Dragons. And then the last one with the gnome cleric, I didn't tell them that. I just read the script. Yeah, and then when I read the script, the person who had written that episode, he came over and he was like, "Yeah, because I watched it, and I know "you're a gnome cleric," and I was like, "This is the best day ever." (laughter) I like this one. Somebody asked, "What do you think is your character's biggest fault?" No, he's not! Gosh. Pike is-- Perfect. Just no faults whatsoever. No. Gosh. I think that with the death that was before the stream, I think she felt like she was not as helpful in the group, and I think that sticks with her, with trying to be like, "I need to earn my place!" Yeah, I don't know. She's got some weird stuff with her family, which we haven't really gotten into, because she comes from the deep gnomes. They're a little bit of tricksters. Hence the last name Trickfoot. It probably would be the equivalent of coming from-- I don't want to say that, because it sounds so judgmental. Never mind. No you don't! You do not need it! There's so many questions. Ooh! No, I've already asked a lot. Hi, Laura! Hi, Twavis! I don't like the sound of that. "How this turns out." I know, maybe we let him-- after we get you out, run. It would be really interesting with this group, though, if someone did have to reroll a character, since we all do already know each other so well. That would be a very interesting dynamic. Let's make it not happen. I know. We're probably all more awkward with it. We're all like, how do you feel? I think because you guys had the maiden voyage. You were the pioneers, and we all learned from that moment of, oh, you can have moments like these, and everybody has to not be 12 about it. I know, we were the worst. We were the worst. I think, for me personally, I still feel a little like a newbie, in a way, because they've played so many games consistently, week after week, and because of work, I still feel a little rusty. So for me, there's a part of me, not as Pike, that likes to watch things unfold first before making a move, because I'm like, can I do this? I'm a little unsure sometimes. That's Ashley. But I think I feel like Pike is the same way, but I feel like these things blur together. But I think with Pike, it's almost better to hang back because of being a cleric, because you can do a little clean-up after. Just, who's hurt, who can we protect and keep alive and keep in the battle? There was another part to the question. Oh, yes. Probably not. I feel like with Pike there's a lot of-- which we've had so many times talks in the game and out of game about how Pike sometimes veers away from worshipping Sarenrae and wants to do bad things. I just want to do bad things with my friends! Hoodrat things with my friends. Sometimes she can't. There are consequences. Well, all right. I don't think Pike would ever be like, "You need to convert to Sarenrae because "you're a bad person." So no. No, never ever ever. Done, we're doing it. Because we could tell you! The letter! That letter was so lovely that in the game, there was about five minutes where I wanted to cry. Sam wrote this letter. But it was so beautifully written. He knew nobody would see it, except for me, maybe unless I were to just post it and be a jerk about it. I know. You did. You could have read it. But it was paragraphs and paragraphs that were so beautifully written, and that was a moment in the game for me where I was like, "Does Pike have-- "whoa! There could be a little something-- Scanlan!" Just because it was so beautiful, it made me pause. Life is so complicated! Yes, he might have Cyrano de Bergerac-ed me. Who knows. That sounds a little weird. "I'm just going to give it to you." Gimme! Same. So is Ashley/Pike. People have asked this before, but I actually like this question. "If you could play "another character in-game, who would you pick?" One of the other characters. But you do so much damage! Yeah, you peeked behind the veil. He charmed your pants off. It's a deep-rooted love. We're all commies. That's rad. This has been one of my favorite shirts that they've put out. It's so good. What? I completely misunderstood. The vegetables of the virgins. You did great. People do keep asking who Pike is in love with, and same as what Liam said. We'll see. It might not ever happen in game. Maybe it won't. But she's in love with somebody. It's something that happened prior to playing the show. It was a moment that happened and feelings were formed. It might not even be somebody in the group. It could even be an NPC character. It's Trinket. It's Trinket. God, you guys! Figured it out. #PullAKeyleth. #PullAKeyleth, except if it's children. (laughter) Yeah, I've got it down to a look instead of a word. I think that was a moment in game of me with Travis being, stop it! Do not die again. When I watched it back, I was-- when I watched it back, when I saw the little gif, I was like, yikes! I was so intense. Do we have-- does this go towards anything, like is this extra credit? But it was the-- one of the funniest moments in the game? It was-- For me, I thought it was so funny, which is terrible. Because you were just doing this amazing thing-- I know. I think, if I ever rolled another character, it would be the most evil, terrible person. For me, I thought it was kind of funny because you were like, I just want to help! And then he was like, and you killed a child. It was up there with the moment Scanlan had the knife ready to go and then he kept going out the window. By his scruff? You have had so many of those moments and those are some of the best moments. You've had so many of those where you're like, guys, I got this. I'm here to help. No, she's the best. That is not true. Do you have someone in your head, though? Forget it. Just how do we kill the dragon, and then we'll stop. Have you watched it? Man, there's so many. There's so many little ones where I'm like (groans). I love that bar episode so much. So many spells! It's so hard to keep track in the moment when you're stressed! That's happened so many times where you're like, and I'll show it to Laura or Travis and be like, is this right? Because I'm behind. Oh, okay, okay, okay. That sounds awesome! Wow. What?! Seven Right out of the motherfucking gate. (singing) Secrets! And we are dealing with molten lava? We don't know where Vax is? Seriously. Okay. So we're going to start-- I'm going to cast Guardian of Faith and I would like to place it-- It's ten feet? I'm going to place it right there. Yeah. And then I am going to cast, for my bonus action, Shield of Faith on myself, which brings my armor class up by two points. Shield of Faith is first. I'm going to just kind of-- well, he's there. I'm going to stay. I'll stay. All right! What's the-- Guys! Come on! (singing) Shot through the heart! 18. All right. (singing) Bring it on! (laughing) Yeah, that hits. That'll do, pig, that'll do. Okay. Oof. Okay, well, I got to heal myself because I have such low hit points. I have a different plan now since that happened. Where did it go? Okay, I'm going to do Cure Wounds on myself. With a 3rd-level. Third. What else am I going to do? I'm going to move. Yeah. I'm just going to do that and then move. Okay. (counting) I'm going to move over here. Do you have to roll a natural 20? Okay. Can I make my way to Percy? How close can I get to him? I want to get very close. I am going to Inflict Wounds. Because I can't use these necromancy spells in the regular games. I'm gonna use them. I'm a monstah! You know what? I'm going to do it at just second level. Yeah, just second level, which is only-- Yeah. That would be a 28. It was cocked. 21. Can I tuck back? Okay. Can I use my Sprinter's Boots? I'm going to use my Sprinter's Boots and go back behind that wall where I was. Ooh, she's making a whole lava pool. Remodeling. Break him. Break him. (singing) Give it to me, baby! Uh-huh, uh-huh! What'd you say it was? How many points? Okay, write it down. Where'd he go? I am going to walk over to him and I'm going to Inflict Wounds again. Third. That would be 30. I'm not here to heal you, I'm here to kill you! 24. I'm going to move back behind the wall. I can't move just the one square behind this wall? Can I move behind-- I mean, I know that's not very far from him. I will heal myself a little more. I'm going to Cure Wounds on myself. Oh, that's true. I'm going to Healing Word as a bonus action. I'll just do a level one. That's not that much, actually. Okay, I'll just do that. That'll end my turn. Sam's not here, but his spirit is. 22. There you go. I'll take it. Nine. 23. No, I think I have the d8 for the mace. 17 points of damage. Okay, I'll cast Shield of Faith on myself. I can move ten feet? Oh, I haven't even moved yet. I'm going to go back behind the wall. Yeah, tuck into there. Is that the only damage you've taken this game? Are we allowed to loot the body? Okay. 12. Or wait, hold on. 13. Aw, sorry, Percy. (sighs) Sucks. I don't know if I like this. You're my friends! Oh, hi Vax. Oh boy, now I can see him. Shit, okay. That changes what I was going to do. I am going to cast Flame Strike at him. All the fire, all the rage! Oh no. 21. No, that's the full. Yeah, I had some bad rolls. Okay, so I just used a 5th-level to deal ten points of damage. And I'm going to do Healing Word on myself at 2nd-level. I'm going to stand directly behind the pole. Oh shit, but then she can see me. Can I stay where I was? Yeah, I'm just going to stay there. 19. Shit. What in the heck? Eight. Ooh, that's a natural one. Okay, that changes what I was going to do. I will stand up. I am not going to move. I am going to create a Magic Circle around myself. And I am going to... Never mind. Oh, it is one minute! Sorry, that's why I made a last-minute decision. Okay, you know what? I'm just going to stay there and I'm going to cast Spirit Guardians. Yeah, around myself. Third. Sorry, fourth level. I can't do anything else, right? I'm going to do Shield of Faith again. Okay, okay, okay. I'll do a Healing Word again. Pfft, no. Not at all. 12. Is it also the Guardian of Faith, or no? Do I make a perception check? Is this included in the turn, or will this take away something that I was going to do? Or is this just a perception check? I would have to roll a 20. Okay, you know what? I'm going to, since I saw that the spirit guardian went off-- I would like to Insect Plague. Get rid of Spirit Guardians? I want to put it around that area. If he's not in there, this is going to blow! How many did I roll? 13. Yes. I'd like to move-- Can I move in between? Between the walls? Yeah, I'll move in there. Not that that's that far away from him, but maybe he didn't see because bugs are biting him. Do I have a bonus action? I'm going to-- Can I cast Shield of Faith on myself again? Never mind. Is that continuous? A dex saving throw? Wow. Three. This is so stressful. Yeah, you're fine. Is he going stealth? God dangit. What is Faerie Fire? Six. 7d10. Shit. Okay. Phew. Okay. I have to beat a 24? There's no way. Yeah, there's no way. Okay. Okay! Okay. I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself. Four. I have one more. Well, I have two. After this one, I'll have one more. Okay. Because I have four because of the ring. Keyleth's ring, yeah. Yeah. Yes. I don't think that's what it is. Now I'll move. Does that last for a long time, or is that a one-time deal, the flame storm? Okay. So I'm going to tuck back behind that wall. Just back towards my Guardian of Faith. Not visible, though. In between. Ooh. And so now I see him. Is he invisible? No? 19. Damn it. How are we health-wise, everybody? Okay. I did move. 16. Okay, so I'm going to cast Cure Wounds on myself again at 2nd-level. Okay, so 15. And then Shield of Faith as a bonus action, and I'm going to stay for now. I didn't move. Where the fuck are you? I mean, we can't-- If you find him, you die. This is rough. He's right behind me, isn't he? I'm going to hold my turn until someone attacks me. If someone attacks me, then I'm going to attack back. Come out of hiding, motherfucker! (whistles as if for a dog) 17? 4d6? Okay, so. 19. Okay. Can I just get up and then go to the middle part of the walls? Okay. Can I just start swinging and see if I can hit him, if he's in there? I mean, he's not in there, but, I mean, 28. (sighs) Yeah. Yeah. Do it. (whispering) Sorry. I did not know it was-- I was like, "Oh, yeah, it'll probably be pretty quick." Okay, I'm going to cast Death Ward on myself. My last fourth. Okay, so. Ugh, so frustrating because I can't see him. Can I make a Spiritual Weapon to see stealthy people? Like stealth goggles? I know, I was just trying. Okay, yeah. I'm going to put a Spiritual Weapon, just hovering, that sweet sword of Sarenrae. Second. Just right above me. How's it feel? All right, I'm going to move forward to the front of this little tunnel here, and I'm going to stay in there. And then I'm going to move my spiritual weapon so it stays with me. Or does it stay with me? And each square is five? Okay, I'll just keep it with me. Down to the ladies! I'm going to peek out! So how far can I move? So how far can I move around right here? And is there lava over here? Okay, I'm going to move right here. Yeah, I'll do that. I am going to cast Harm on Keyleth. Hey, no, man. This is a good match-up, though, because-- Oh, that changed that one. Oh well. (counting) 44. Yikes. Okay, and then I'm going to cast-- no, that's all I can do, right? Because I did the bonus action to move the Spiritual Weapon? Oh gosh, she's going to kill me. She's going to kill me! Natural 20. Nice! I think I'm done. I'm done for, I'm done for! Oh, shit! Yeah, it gets me. 45. Oh, shit. I'm at four. I have Death Ward. Not that that's probably even going to do anything. (shouting) Fuck! Okay. So. Hmm. Okay. Can I take my Spiritual Weapons and cut off the vines? Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy. So I need to get out. Yeah, I'm going to get out. Where is the lava now? Okay, so I'll just crawl out towards her. I'm done. I'm done! I can't do anything. Do I still have a spell? In addition to doing something else? Okay. 19. Okay, so, shit. I've got to play this correctly. You're 51? Okay, so I do have a 3rd-level. Can I throw her ass into the lava? Okay, I'm going to try and shove her with my-- No! I'm going to Command her to jump into the pool of lava. Yeah. How do I word this? What's the word? Jump? Ah, fuck. Okay, so I'll just shove her back into the lava that's behind her. I mean, what can I do at this point? Yeah, I don't know how to do that. Or I can use my Frostbrand. Okay. Strength and athletics? Okay, so 16. Yeah, there's nothing else I can do, right? And I can't use a 7th-level, correct? If it's a bonus action? It's a bonus action. Divine Word. I can? All right. I'm going to walk over to her, because she's down, right? I'm going to just touch her hair, and I'm going to say (tender voice) I'm sorry, but I need to kill you. And smoosh her face into the lava! (laughter) Hi. Sorry! The monstah! Oh, down to the nitty-gritties! I didn't realize it was a bonus action until you were like, you have a bonus action, and I looked down, and I was like, okay, well. Oh, shit. With Death Ward, would that have done anything, or no? Okay, so I would have still had that one hit point. Travis just texted me and said, "I am so proud." My buddy! Wow. I was not expecting that. You would have saved. Gosh, that was down to the end! I would have been done-zo. Good job! Because you can heal yourself! Yeah, I was like I'll just build up and then-- Yeah, that would be the longest fight ever. Shit, I always forget that I have advantages on charisma saving throws. Advantage on all intelligence, wisdom, and charisma saving throws. Oh, shit, so I probably would have rolled a little higher on some of these.