Oh hey, Grog. Hi! It's a long story, I'll tell you guys after. Hey, I'm glad to be here. I shouldn't do that. What they do here is really awesome. Yeah, I got involved because of this guy. They had already played a game, one game, and then I remember we had a party for a friend of ours, Troy Baker. It was his birthday, and you guys were talking about it. And I was like, "Oh, dang, I want to play!" And then we started and we were putting our character sheets together, and then I sent you, I was like, "Yeah, I think my name "should be, I don't know, Pike Trickfoot?" You were so helpful and emailing me back. Then the first game, because I'd never really played anything like this before. And I'm sure you guys can tell in the game, I'm always like, wait, what is this? Or, what does this mean? I was in awe of everybody, because they were doing voices, and I was trying to keep up, but I couldn't really. And I was like, I want to do this all the time. Every night. Can we? And then we started doing it all the time. Honestly, some of the best nights of my life have been from this game. OFF- Love you. I remember I was introducing you to a friend of mine, and completely out of context, I was like-- and this was still when it was kind of new, and I was like, "Oh! This is Matt, he's my "dungeon master." And then I kept moving on, and they looked at me, and I was like, "Oh, wow, that "sounded really weird." I was like, "What I mean is, we play D&D, that sounded so not what it is." I was wearing my shirt on the plane, but then I dropped my cinnamon roll with-- you guys can probably tell on the show, I'm constantly eating, because I'm always hungry. Yeah, but it was a cinnamon roll, and it was a Cinnabon with the fresh sauce. All right, I can't wear this to the panel. Oh man, hi! (singing) I believe there's a mic. That math moment, it was one of my favorites. Oh man. I had been trying to put together this webseries ages ago that was basically a post-zombie apocalypse type of thing. Then cut to a little while later, I work on a game called Last Of Us, which was basically the same thing. But my character's name in the webseries-- Thank you. So, the webseries that my character's name was Pike in it. I just like that name, and I honestly don't know where Trickfoot came from. I can't remember it. I was like, "True, tritch, trutch, Pike Tr-- Oh, Trickfoot!" I don't know. There was nothing interesting about it. Who doesn't? We miss you. You did. Right before that, he goes, "Make a use magic device roll," and we were all, "What?!" And you screamed, "It's a flying carpet!" That was the most nervous I'd ever been in any game we've played. I think that's why it was such a silent game. I was just like-- I just never wanted it to be my turn because I was like, "Uh! Well!" I know. There were no voices. That's true. Oh, Grog! It's a date! All hail!